Over the years, I've found myself at all the various incarnations of Anime Revolution.   Even though I've never really been into Anime myself, and the time I've spent playing Videogames or caring about comic books has trended down with every passing year, I still find myself drawn to this store to check out all the cool new stuff they may have received since the last time I'd visited or to purchase gifts for extended family members who haven't had the joy of their youth ripped from them by the daily grind as I have.   

The name of this store is a bit of a misnomer, as they offer much more than just goods related to anime.  I would suggest it's more a a "Pop Culture Revolution" as they have neat things associated to Star Wars, Marvel/DC comics, lots of various video games (Street Fighter, old school Nintendo stuff like Mario, Zelda, etc), and much, much more.   It's your one stop shopping source if you're in need for a real life ninja sword, a pink wig, and a star wars BB8 backpack.

About the only thing I still cling to that keeps me a real human and not a full-on 100% worker-robot is my love of pop culture and alternative movie poster art.   This is the only place in town I've seen offer the likes of small, affordable miniature prints from Olly Moss to larger, extremely rare framed prints that have been long sold out from Mondotees.   

The staff has shown themselves to be very friendly and knowledgeable about the products whenever I've visited.  Thank you anime revolution for keeping my deeply buried childhood alive one visit at a time.

The place is cute, but they aren't utilizing the space they have. Big store, not much merchandise to be seen. They have a lot of wall scrolls, mini plushes, keychains, and a few cosplay items. Display cases house the more expensive (read: overpriced) collectibles. And how do you have an anime store that doesn't sell anime?? I honestly have no idea how they stay in business when you can find better prices and selection at Tokyo Discount or even the Great Wall Bookstore. 

Very unimpressed.

This is a cute little shop that just opened up in Town Square. I'm not really into Anime or gaming, but they have tons of cute accessories from this world, both old school and modem items. 

They play all the cute music from anime cartoons and the prices were pretty reasonable considering location. They even have clothing, including novelty t shirts, wallets, jewelry, costumes and wigs. Worth a stop in if you're into this stuff.

I have seen some other anime and manga shops that had more items and better organization. It was hard to figure out if they were merchandising by item type or genre. Shopping require searching too much and help was not offered and that would have helped a bit. They did not have a lot of categorized merchandise, so if you were a fan of a show you might find a piece or two, just not a whole collection of something. Note: window logos for the shop need to be white-backed to stand out from the street as cars go by. Might increase foot traffic if the store front logo didn't blend in so much. Also compared to past purchases I have made for anime items, it is easier to and less expensive to shop online. Lots of potential here, but need to niche out some core categories to stock up well instead of too many categories poorly.

Super dissatisfied, the staff did not even acknowledge me nor my family. There was a guy behind the cash register that was playing games the entire time. His mother that owned the store was talking about her life story to her friends. Decided to leave an not one of them greeted us out. Horrible horrible

Sorry but I wasn't impressed. My first time inside I was pretty shocked because there was so much space inside the store but they weren't even selling a lot...

Also they only had one little section devoted to mangas and that was pretty limited too. And I didn't see any DVDs available. Tshirts were also limited because it was on on area of the wall. 

Since it was an anime store I was hoping they would have some old school anime items but no, they mainly carried and advertised new and popular pieces for example attack on Titan and sword art online.

I love anime and games, but this store is lackluster and overpriced.

As soon as I heard about this place I knew I wanted to check it out. I'm an anime fan, even if not to the extent of some of the people around this town you see dressed up at the conventions. If a shop opens up carrying anime stuff, you can rest assured I'm bound to check it out eventually.

After finally getting a chance to check it out, though, I am severely disappointed.

As soon as I walked into the store I was greeted by a girl dressed as Princess Peach (from the Mario series), so you can tell they are fans, which is good at least. As soon as I entered, I took a lap around the store looking to find their selections of anime DVDs, And another lap. And another.

THE STORE DOES NOT HAVE ANY ANIME DVDS.

Are you kidding me? The whole reason I go into an anime store is to collect discs of my favorite titles or discover new ones. An anime store that does not stock anime DVDs is like Pizza Hut deciding they are not going to sell pizza anymore. They also do not carry any actual video games (it is not clear if they intend to stock any of this material in the future, but if they are not, they need to reconsider.)

They do have some cool memorabilia (cosplay props, household items, keychains, collectables, figures, etc.), but nearly all of it is severely overpriced. The Dragon Ball Z Scouters (AKA the things people war on their faces to tell power levels) cost over $10 more here than they do at Tokyo Discount. And Tokyo Discount has stores on both end of town, with no hectic Town Center parking or traffic.

I was so eagerly looking forward to visiting Anime Revolution, but a revolution this is not. When it comes to anime and anime accessories, just go to Tokyo Discount instead. They actually have anime DVDs, and have a better selection of memorabilia, most of which is priced fairer. Stop in if you're at Town Square anyway, but do not make a separate trip just to go here.

Now I know I am a otaku and a bit of a weeb, but that doesn't excuse the fact that I walked into this shop smiled, got excited, and spent all of my money there in less then an hour. It has a large collection of posters and wall scrolls in a couple different sizes/variations, nothing to big though and I believe that it gets ahold of the correct audience. Along with the posters and wall scrolls there is a wall dedicated to plushies, one of the best ones I've seen by the way, and a wall for accessories like key chains, wallets, lanyards, etc. Now this is the only shop I've been to with this large of a selection for this culture, and I'm happy to say I will go back and shop there when I am able.

This is a pretty nice anime store. Not the best one I've ever been to, I found the selection of actually anime kinda disappointing. Just not the greatest selection but the store makes up for this by the assortment of knick-knacks like a pocket watch from Fullmetal Alchemist. Necklaces with various icons from different animes. Key chains with similar symbols attached. Though the best thing, and don't think I'm just writing this because I'm a guy and I'm into this thing (though I kinda am) are the girls who work here come dressed up in cosplay! It's actually kinda cool. Some of these girls (if not all of them) must love this job. I mean, where else can you find a place that will pay you to do something you really enjoy? Sigh, if only I lived here in Vegas.

Pretty big store. But way over priced for some the items,  Cheaper to buy them on line.

Cool little shop with great owners that are willing to go the extra mile to help you out.

If my daughter says 9th good, I'll take her word for it. Getting all her birthday presents here.

The way everything is organized is great. With that said I think they can do so much more. They need more things that no other store can carry. I think that would set them apart from the rest and will help them survive in Town Square. That and they should expand the place with more things.

