I was impressed, not only with the selection, but with the amount of available neckbeards. When I walk into a new store looking for a dungeon master, that's really what I want to see.

They also have beer, which is pretty great.

Went here on a whim with my fiancé as we were recommended by another place that sells comics that this place could have in stock what we were looking for. Upon arrival, there was barely any parking spaces available and when we entered, the place looked nothing like it did in pictures. We went up to the Degenerate Seth Rogan looking guy at the front to ask if they had the cards we were looking for. This guy gave us attitude and talked to us in a condescending manner which we definitely did not appreciate. He wasn't helpful in the least, and was rather urgent in getting us to leave. First time coming here, never coming back as we felt very unwelcomed. Thankfully we didn't buy the cards we got a glance at cause he probably would've sold it to us at a higher price than amazon.

I stopped in here to pick up some mini figures to paint, not to play tabletop or card games, so i cannot comment on the gaming aspect of the establishment, only the customer service. I came in and looked around for 10 mins, just browsing and admiring the figures that were on display. When i finally went to make my purchase i stood at the counter in plan view with some items in my hand for around 10 minutes. I had time to kill, so i wanted to see how long before someone helped me. Finally a girl came from the back and asked if i was ready to check out. she went in the back and got some guy to take my payment. I hope this was an anomaly and not regular practice at the shop. I have been to many many stores, gaming shops and 99% of time someone comes over to talk with me. There were maybe 5 games going on at various tables and none were being refereed, so not sure what the delay in checking me out was. i'll give 3 stars for now. i will go back and see what happens next time and update my review.

Compared to other gaming stores, there really isn't a wide assortment of games or gaming accessories.  That said, if you're looking for a very specific game or accessories for game, you're good.

There are plenty of spaces and tables for actual gaming.  Parking was kind of tight, but there is street parking on a side street.

I was a regular for a while but had to stop.  Drafts are run terribly and often go overtime and mismatches occur all the time.  Customer service is pretty bad in general IMO.  I pre-ordered some boxes of stuff and they failed to allocate enough copies.  Then when they got a new shipment, they sold the boxes to friends the knew instead of fulfilling preorders.  Could have just been disorganization but not happy with my experience and can't come back.

Great, clean, new space.  No smoking is good. Cool hang out spot.  Great nerd gathering spot.  Prices aren't cheap, but this is prime real estate.  I don't see how this place can turn a profit, honestly.

I love Asgard Games new location, Will and the whole crew have outdone themselves with a top quality game store for the Houston area. 

The new location has a ton of space for gaming, for parking (which was an issue at the old location, but not anymore!) and dang does that A/C work well. Some sound dampening might help with the loft ceilings and concrete floors, though I hear that is coming soon. The lighting is great, its very clean, the staff is friendly and they've got a great selection of table top and RPG game materials for a huge variety of games!

I'll definitely be back down for a Warmachine Houston or Pathfinder Society game day soon!

Will was hands down the nicest and most helpful person I've ever met at a hobby store, so I can't recommend them enough. If I lived anywhere near Houston this would be my go to shop every time. Great people and atmosphere here.

Asgard is my group's go to game shop when we need lots of space for huge boardgames. They have a lot of tables available at all times and usually you can snag the private room if you call ahead. You can also meet a lot of people there if you're looking for some new additions to your group as they have board game nights, FNM, and tabletop gamers that come through regularly. 

I do wish they had a bigger board game selection, but that's just because board games are the only hobby I'm into that they offer. The huge amount of play space definitely makes up for their smaller selection.

I've heard a lot of good things about this place, but none of them turned out to be true. Asgard Games is a textbook case of disappointment.

I wasn't greeted by any of the employees when entering the store and was completely ignored when I asked for help in finding something. The guy behind the counter didn't even respond to my question or look at me. He just went off and did his own thing.

As far as their selection goes, I was expecting a lot more. From what I was told, they carried Osprey reference books here. However, these books are nowhere to be seen. I don't know much about tabletop gaming, but everything I saw belonged to the same game. The trading card selection they talk about is also highly exaggerated.

Despite all it's shortcomings, this store is very clean and the gaming space is excellent. I saw a lot of people playing at the tables, but you wouldn't notice them with the amount of space they have to play in. In fact, Asgard almost feels a bit too spacious!

Now if only the same thing could be said about the parking lot. Parking is a joke here! The parking lot is smaller than your average driveway, it's practically non-existent. If you want to park, you have to park in front of someone's house at the end of the block or have someone circle around while you visit the store.

Overall, my experience here was short-lived and more than disappointing. I can't say that I recommend this place and I can assure you that I will never come back.

Asgard Games is not just a fantastic place to find and play games, but it's fantastic in a way that I can now fully appreciate. Back when I was in high school, I could easily eschew such details as comfort and cleanliness, because all I needed was a place with a few tables to play Magic: the Gathering.

Well, now that I'm older and wiser, the comfort and cleanliness of a store actually matter to me, and I've honestly never seen a nicer store, in a nicer location, and with a nicer setup than Asgard Games' new location on Shepherd Dr, right in the middle of Houston. A few years ago, I would have told you that the economics of brick-and-mortar games shops made them infeasible, but now I need to thank Will for restoring my faith and completely proving me wrong, by doing a fantastic job of not only maintaining but also growing his hobby and passion into a thriving business.

Asgard Games is large, spacious and clean, located in a new construction, and with ample parking in a private lot and abundant street parking a block away. Due to its central location, it's able to attract plenty of patrons to a long list of weekly events (which can be found on its Google calendar), and it offers generous store credit for winning tournaments that then keeps its sales brisk. Now, the prices for a brick-and-mortar store are necessarily higher than Amazon, but Asgard Games has more than enough customer loyalty to keep patrons spending money to support their local gaming store.

In the end, I've honestly never seen a better store than Asgard Games, which is an easy sell for anyone inside Beltway-8 who has a passing interest in games. Some might complain that the employees need better customer service skills, but then this a game store, not a five-star restaurant, and the gaming community is known to be an exceptionally whiny lot to begin with. This store has a great POS system, an efficient and business-savvy owner, and a loyal customer base. What more could you ask for?

Happened upon this shop by chance.  The wife and I are just getting into board games and this shop came as a pleasant surprise since it's so close.  Good selection of stuff in stock and they can order anything else.  Lots of game nights.  And the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable about gaming.  Will definitely be coming back.

Their boardgame selection was never that good, but as I wrote before, if you're into MtG or Warhammer this must be nirvana.

The staff here knows what they are doing and they are really nice...and hell the new space is awesome!

So yelp I have neglected you...

I first must apologize for not writing as much as I used to but I have been cheating on you...and that mistress is MAGIC THE GATHERING.  There I said it.

What started out as an alternative to going out and drinking has turned into an obsession and it's starting to get on the verge of a serious problem.  I am once again addicted to the cardboard.

Who do I have to thank?

ASGARD GAMES!!!

DAMN YOU!!! (in a good way)

Once I get going on something I go all out.  Photography, cycling, running, whatever.  So like magic it was no different.

I got so hooked I attended the prerelease of the new CORE SET, Magic 2011.  If that means nothing to you, stop reading now.

Well the release was great!  I managed to place 10th? out of 50?  Numbers may be a bit off, but the event went wonderfully smooth.

Will, the owner, aka skinny magic playing Jesus, is the man.  He's put an old school neighborhood gaming shop right smack dab ITL.

It's right across the street from all the Pappas restaurants.

This makes for a perfect gaming space, which there is lots of because as you get hungry you can walk to get food.  Perfect for people who get dropped off in the morning and their parents get picked up in the evening and people who are like me who are too lazy to move their car.

The place has everything for you to waste a whole day.  All kinds of models and card games and lots of playing space.  He has boosters, singles, rares, uncommons, you name it he has it, if he doesn't have it he can get it.  As far as rulings go this is you go to guy too, he's the gaming guru as you might say.  

I LOVE THIS STORE!!! Spending time and money here might actually be cheaper than going out drinking.

Table top war gamer heaven. Spacious, clean, well organized, and well lit. The owner is clearly wealthy beyond most gamers aspirations as there is no chance the retail business this place does comes close to covering this high end location. Overall, if you have any interest in card or table games you would be doing your self a favor be checking this place out.

I recommend going here if you've forgotten what virginity feels like. The store itself is immaculate and full of games I've never heard of and it is great to see that there is a scene for people who are into Warhammer and other strange board games. 5 stars for being unashamed.

Maybe it was just was when I was there, but I had an awful experience. First of all, when I arrived there was no one behind the counter and no one greeted me. There were lots of gamers there (which was cool) but they were all doing there own thing and no one even even acknowledged me. I couldn't find the prices on the boxes of the Warhammer 40k merchandise, so making a purchase seemed out of the cards. I don't think I'll be back.

