I went to Bad Wolf Trading to check it out tonight. The smell of damp pervades the air of this mostly magic the gathering shop. 

It's a former anime/used book shop that looks like it had to move into Magic the Gathering for revenue, they have a small board game section in the back, but most of it is Magic cards. Some Manga/Anime style items and nerdery. They did have dice sets in the cabinet by the counter. Ten 3'x6' folding tables make up the majority of the gaming space.

They do have tables and chairs though. But not having inventory for other games like Pathfinder RPG or D&amp;D 5th editions is kind of a turnoff for a tabletop RPG player like me. The store manager was interested in having an RPG game day and more board game evnts started, but not tabletop wargaming. He even stopped playing Magic long enough to talk to me about it. Everyone's got to start somewhere I guess.

It is a little hard to find as its not on a main thoroughfare. The guy managing the store is more of a magic the gathering player, he didn't really understand that Pathfinder RPG Organized play is kind of left up to the store and the players, but he's willing. 

They've got a long way to go to become a full fledged game shop, but they have a lot of promise. I'll be back to check on them fairly often.

Bad Wolf Trading is a roomy, but easy to miss (due to the lack of a permanent sign) card shop off of Old Louetta Rd in Spring that will leave some customers asking for more.

Now don't get me wrong, it's not a bad card shop. It's just that their selection is a lot narrower than one would expect. For example, anyone coming here in hopes of finding a boatload of anime and manga related merchandise after seeing some of the photos posted on their Yelp and Facebook pages will likely leave disappointed because they no longer maintain a sizable offering of those things. And if you're expecting a broad assortment of card games, you'll probably be just as disappointed with their selection as they mostly carry Magic the Gathering, Pokemon and Cardfight! Vanguard. However, anyone who likes those games will be pleased to find that they carry an excellent selection of singles, decks and booster packs.

In addition to doing a great job at representing its specialties, some of Bad Wolf Trading's greatest strengths seem to include its polite and knowledgeable staff, and its ability to bring together the local gaming community.

That being said, I would strongly recommend Bad Wolf Trading to anyone who enjoys Magic the Gathering, Pokemon or Cardfight! Vanguard. However, I would not recommend it to anyone who is primarily interested in other card games or is looking to find a good selection of anime and manga related merchandise.

I stop by to look into Pokemon as my grandson has expressed an interest in it. They were very helpful even sat down with me and we played the game so I can see how it's done. Competitive prices and a very knowledgeable staff

