Awesome place. Love the concept. Play board games while eating snacks and drinking beer down the street from the beach.. Yes please! Ordered chips &amp; salsa and a bacon grilled cheese - both really good. And a decent selection of games.

The veggie appetizer was perfect. The tzatziki was really good. Sandwiches were good. They gave me potato chips instead of the apple and yogurt I ordered. They fixed it no problem. I'm giving 4 stars because I don't think it's appropriate to charge $2.50 for a solo cup not even filled full of a fountain drink without refills. A dollar maybe. 

The games were an interesting idea. A lot of people poked their head in and decided to go elsewhere. It's not exactly clear what the cafe is from the outside. It kind of looks like a retail store. Even as we walked up to the counter at the back, I thought they were a coffee bar based on the drink menu up on the board.  A sign out on the street will generate more walk ins and a sign as you walk in describing the concept of games while you enjoy a meal or beverage would really help.

The cafe is under new ownership now and there have been a few changes, both positive and negative:

1. I had to specifically ask for this info because I couldn't find it displayed anywhere in the cafe. But now the cafe charges $2.50 per hour, per person to play board games. If your group purchases $25+ worth of food, the first hour is free. I think charging a fee is fair, but I think a flat fee of $5 per person and no time limit would be a better strategy.

2. The layout of the cafe is better than it used to be in my opinion. I think there's more space now to play games and the shelves are more easily accessible. I would like to point out that there are two small bookshelves with games that I didn't notice were there at first, because they weren't near the main display. They happened to have a bunch of new games, some with contents still wrapped. 

3. The menu items changed. All I had was a chocolate nut frap, but it tasted fine. Back when Ward was the owner, I mentioned to him how his menu was too big and slowed down service speed. From my best guess, it'll probably still happen with the current menu items. 

Yikes, I wrote this review like a business analyst rather than a Yelp reviewer. My bad.

One of a kind joint!

My wife and I had a great time at Board Game Island. 4 stars because I've never really experienced anything like it. Everyone here was super laid back and friendly. There has to be several hundred games on the shelf to try out.

The food and drink options are alright. Nothing to get overly excited about, but it's nice they have something. I got an iced coffee and it was fine. We played "The Office" board game. I'm sure we'll be back the next time we're in town.

Great live music and we were adventurous and tried the East Cider and Thin Mint Stout on tap and was delicious! Will come back for coffee and board games for sure!

If you are coming for the games and wine, you are good.  However, we ordered food(for 4 meals and only one  served).  Apparently,  only the one served got printed.  The girl did apologize and gave us chips and salsa on the house.  She also refilled my wine glass to the top, so for now my rating is 3 stars. I will come back and give them another chance.

This place is so unique, chill and I wish I lived closer! The Italian sodas are the bomb. The owner and personnel there are super sweet. You definitely get that friendly Galveston vibe here. Family friendly and just an all around awesome atmosphere.

Playing board games is now an additional fee (on top of the money you paid for your meal). Menu is smaller now. It is 2.50 per person every hour because of a new owner. Will not be returning here.

This place is a great idea for locals because it offers easily 100 or more board games and card games for people to play while they sit. They have everything from family classics like Monopoly and Life to chess sets and fandom games. They even hold Cards Against Humanity tournaments! So, when I say we go there for the atmosphere--fun and laid back--that's why!

It is technically a restaurant, but the food isn't the reason most people go. They have the basics: appetizers like chips and salsa, pizzas, and sandwiches. Their beer menu is rather good, so we often stop in to cool off and play a few games when we have time to kill on the island or have family in town. They are a bit pricey for what you get (again, a step above bar food), but it's all in the spirit of enjoying an atmosphere that encourages your group to keep having fun!

There are only 7-10 tables total, and they fill up on the weekends. It can be loud in there when large families bring in lots of children as well. Otherwise, the atmosphere is chill if you need a break from your day.

I've heard so many great things about this place in the past that I decided to finally check it out with my friends. This is one of the worst places I have gone so far in Galveston. First off, they do have a wide variety of games, however, almost every game we tried to play had pieces missing or was torn up pretty badly. Secondly, they charge $2.50 per person just to play the board games for ONE HOUR. We also ordered a pizza and not only was it cold, it looked like it was slapped together by a 5 year old. We went on a Friday night and the place was absolutely dead. Never going here again and definitely not worth it. They ended up getting $50 from 5 people just to play a board game for one hour, eat cold disgusting pizza, and drink two beers.

I just had to share our fabulous experience at Board Game Island.  We live in Katy but have a house on the island.  Ever since we found this hidden gem in 2013 the kids beg to come here when we are on the island.  We always learn new games and end up buying them when we get home! For his 11th birthday, my son decided he wanted a sleep over at our beach house and to take his best friends to Board Game Island.  We brought 10 kids ages 11-16 from Katy (and 3 moms) to play some games and eat pizza.  We couldn't have had a better time! Even though they don't have a birthday party "package" they were able to provide a great time and great food for us! Steve and the staff was so helpful and accommodating! The fruit platters were a huge hit while we waited for the pizza.  The kids loved being able to play whatever they wanted and the moms even learned a new game called Lanterns and had a blast!  We opted to do the birthday cake at home but they offered to let us have it there.  We truly cherished such a fabulous birthday experience!

Stay away the only reason this place gets a star is that they have beer and games to play. 3 out of  3 pizza were burnt not brick oven burnt but burnt.  Took food over an hour to and the order was wrong counter service does not work for a location like this they should consider table service.

This little place was awesome. Tons of great board games from risk, pass the popcorn, or silly card games. The beer selection is small, but good stuff. I didn't try the food but it smelt amazing. I great place to beat the heat and chill when you're out on the strand. I will defiantly be back, and probably buy a game. 
Enjoy!

I love the idea behind the Board Game Island Cafe! We were visiting Galveston with family and three of us decided to split off from the older folks to check it out.

We arrived at about 9:00 on a Friday night, and there was only one table left. The place is pretty small, so it wasn't actually all that busy, there just isn't a ton of seating. There were several groups enjoying different games. The noise level was high at times, but for the most part everyone was respectful of the other guests. We ordered some food and drinks, grabbed a game, and sat down.

There are a ton of games to choose from, and there are many special edition games, too. We played Settlers of Catan and Firefly-themed Clue. There were many card games in addition to the board games.

Our food arrived pretty quickly, but it wasn't anything special, which is the reason behind the docked stars. I had a grilled cheese, which I would not recommend -- it was just a couple slices of bread and some cheese that had been shoved into a panini maker. My sister-in-law said her quesadilla was just okay, but my husband did enjoy his (overpriced) pepperoni flatbread.

I got a French vanilla Italian cream soda, but I had to go back up to the counter and ask for more pumps of syrup as it was initially pretty flavorless. I noticed it had a small fly in it, which I just assumed had flown in after I got the drink. However, when I ordered a cherry-vanilla soda for my husband soon after, there were two little fruit flies in there as they handed it over. Kinda gross.

Overall, I really loved the atmosphere and idea behind the Board Game Island Cafe, but the food/preparation needs some work.

We had dinner here on Friday night during our vacation. We were hoping to avoid the craziness of a Friday night wait at a Strand restaurant with 3 kids and this did not disappoint. We ordered 2 paninis, a pokeball pizza and a chicken salad sandwich and everything was good. But the experience of playing games during dinner was a blast! We had a great time! The game selection is beyond compare. They have everything you can imagine. We pla

The only black spot in our visit was the very large party of people sitting near the front window who were so incredibly loud. They were playing Cards Against Humanity with younger children (what?!?) and were shouting answers, sometimes rather obscene, so the whole place could hear. Not cool but not really the fault of the restaurant, except I wish they had been asked to settle down. If we weren't having so much fun ourselves, I would have left. Still, we will make this part of our vacation every summer! It was great fun!

Cute place full of old board games. The food wasn't that great-- not bad, just kind of boring. We ordered the white pizza with basil. (They forgot the basil) and cheese bread. The two tasted the exact same. Somewhat expensive in my opinion for basic food. 
The kids had a great time playing all of the games. We spent several hours here which was great because the weather was yucky and we needed some entertainment. 
The waitress was very MIA sitting with her friends drinking a glass of wine- but maybe that's the island mentality. Just chill.

Too cool!  Loved the idea behind the place!  Right off the strand!  Had a whole wall of games, almost everything you can think of!  Open late, had a great time!

Only problem I had was a preference thing.  Food choices and preparation could be improved.  But that's just my preferance.  Overall it was a great place!

Extremely friendly and knowledgable staff. Was visiting a friend and we ended up here from 6pm till close, it was an awesome time!

What a cool spot in the Strand! We were in Galveston for Labor Day weekend, and it rained a bit. During one of the min-rain storms, we went to Board Game Island. We got two 16 oz cappuccinos and played a couple rounds of Ticket to Ride. Their coffee is great, and the food that we saw other people served looked and smelled really great! They also have beer. But the best thing about BGI? HOW MANY board games they have!  They must have several hundred! They had so many options it took us a while to figure out what we wanted to play! If I lived in Galveston, this would definitely be a place where I'd hang out with friends!

I visited BGI yesterday &amp; it's already my favorite place to hang out in Galveston! It's really good for groups, I felt like I could spend the whole day there. They claim to have over 550 board games! The place is like a small coffee shop where people come to hang out.

They have an extensive selection of Italian cream sodas, different coffee variations, and wine and beer. They also have a good number of food options as well (paninis, sandwiches, pizzas, and some BGI originals like hot dog wraps). I had the barbecue chicken pizza, which wasn't as palatable as I expected. But, my friend ordered the Mocha bianco frappe, and I swear I drank almost half of it! So good. On the menu, the Italian cream sodas come with a list of flavors and you can choose one or a combination of two. My roommate chose strawberry and coconut, and that was good as well (slightly too sweet for my liking, but I'm not much of a sugary-drink fanatic).

There were about 4 groups other than us but only 1 worker was present. Our food took FOREVER. Literally. The only reason we didn't mind was because we were too busy playing games, but every couple of minutes I would hear a member of our group mumble about how hungry she was or how long the food was taking. I didn't want to give the waitress a hard time; I felt bad because she was catering to so many groups by herself, but maybe BGI should consider having more than one worker -- at least during their busy hours/weekends. 

Other than that, I'll definitely be visiting BGI again (probably next week!). It was fun to do something in Galveston that doesn't include mosquitoes and the scorching Galveston sun &amp; 100+ degree weather. We got to play Apples to Apples and Pictionary - two games I haven't played in years. Perfect hangout spot for a rainy day!

Terrific fun and the perfect hot weather respite! The board game selection is beyond awesome, made that much better by the beer and snack selection. We stayed for over an hour and never felt rushed; it was so neat sitting the middle of numerous other games being played - like family game night turned up to 11!  You'll love it.

Place is pretty good! Decent price for good food :) the concept is awesome too! A lot of cheese though  we got the margarita pizza, pizza sandwich, and club sandwhich :)  was good

We stopped in here while shopping on the Strand. We pay a lot of games as a family and thought this shop might be more ingesting than some of the others. To our pleasant surprise, it was a place to get a cold drink amd play a game. What an awesome respite from the shopping!

So I am deducting 1 star for the inconsistency in their fair. I order chips and salsa every time I come to the shop and sometimes it is great, and sometimes it is a complete waste of money. Sometimes it is actual salsa and fresh chips, and others you get nothing but crumbles of chips and generic pace salsa. I do not mind paying for chips and salsa, but I would like to actually get what I am paying for.

Otherwise, this store is a gem in Galveston. They have a huge selection of board games and it is always a good time to come here with a friend to pass the evening.

Environment was fun.  I think the board games are a great family idea, and it helped pass tge pass the time while we waited for our food.  The food took a long time to come out when there was only two families there.  Food order was also wrong.

Amazing concept, lacked on time management. One guy working his butt off and took an hour to get food out but sweet guy was trying his hardest. They should have had more people working. fine food, GREAT ambiance.

This place had good pizza and very entertaining. It was nice to go somewhere other than the typical chain Galveston eateries.

We heard about this place from a friend and decided it would be the perfect place to bring our brother for his birthday. He loves board games and hanging out with people, and food and drinks. The pizza was great, lattes were tasty, and a great selection of games. The service was slow but they seemed under staffed for the day we came and were probably busier than they had expected to be. We will definitely be coming back when we are in Galveston again. Great to spend a rainy day!

This place is amazing. Adorable old coffee shop turned into board game Mecca! They serve food and beer and have more games than I've ever seen.

Cool people, friendly owner &amp; great atmosphere

A great place to grab a coffee, play some games, pass time with friends, and explore something new. 

Highly recommend this place.

When my  husband, in laws and I had to leave our air bnb stay, but still had hours to kill, I suggested we make a stop into Board Game Island. Its a cozy place with lots of tables and chairs- food and drinks ( adult drinks too) and pretty much every board game you could imagine. 

I had mimosas while we played a 3 hour heated ( albeit confusing) game of CSI - while I lost ( but only by a move or two) I'll never forget laughing till crying, exploring something new and having a blast with the inlaws. I love Galveston, and will put this spot on a must visit again next time Im in town.

I visited on a Friday afternoon with my sister who was here out of town. We decided to check this place out based on its reviews here on Yelp and we weren't disappointed! It wasn't very busy and we ordered and got our pizza pretty quickly. We ordered the Margherita pizza. The pizza was just okay. The crust was definitely burned on the bottom but regardless we enjoyed it while we played Trivial Pursuit! I would definitely come back here with friends or my significant other for a fun little afternoon date. Next time I think I'd try one of the many sandwiches they offer on their menu along with coffee drinks and other snacks!

This place is so awesome! We come here on a regular basis. Just a fun and different thing to do other than going to a regular bar on your Saturday night. They have hundreds of boardgames and a great drink menu including beer, cider, coffee and Italian sodas. We love it here.

When we are in Galveston, we always stop here. Appealing to all age groups. Good food and drinks and a good variety! The staff is friendly and there are hundreds of games to choose from.

I really love the concept of this place. A cafe with unlimited board games for no cost at all. The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I ordered and iced coffee which I thought came with cream and sugar. But after he handed me the black coffee with just ice I asked for cream and he said it was behind me at the drink bar. Which I guess is fine that way I can make it how I want but everywhere else I've ever ordered ice coffee it was made for me just the way that cafe makes their iced coffee. The glass he out it in was kind of dirty on the inside. The man working there was very friendly to us. I would go back for the games but probably not the coffee

Fun place to spend a couple hours out of the sun in Galveston. They have lots of games you can play for free, provided you get something to eat and drink. They had  a pretty good beer selection, some wines, but were out of a fair amount of beverages, it being Memorial day weekend (no milk). They didn't seem to have prepared for the deluge of people--it was packed and the employees were really scrambling to keep up.

Still we had a lot of fun. The pizza was pretty good. They had lots of snacks available as well.

Waited an hour and a half for food. Diet coke cans expired in april (and it is July!). Only one person running it - cashier and cook, and he displayed no sense of hurry to get food out. BLT was one of the worst sandwiches i have had. We liked the ambience and board games, but even that loses the fun when you are hungry and wait an hour and a half for your sandwich!

If i lived in town, this would probably be one of my regular places to go. Lots of boardgames here with many different varieties to choose from. They serve alcohol and food here. Beer selection was great, however, the food selection was okay. The food selection is basically snack foods. Overall, great concept, loved the boardgames.

Been coming here for years now. I love it. The idea of this place is awesome and unique compared to everything else on the strand and in Galveston. It is cramped in there when there is a lot of people. I hope y'all expand soon! But I love going here after work(which is in the strand also) and having a small drink and food while I hangout with friends and play a few games. 
The only reason why I give this 4/5 stars is because of how small this place is.

The coffee is great, and my friends and I spent a great afternoon and evening playing an intense game of Settlers of Catan. They have every board game I could think of, and the service was nice and friendly. 

The latte was great, and when we needed to step out for a few minutes they let us leave and made sure the game remained undisturbed, which was really nice of them. I can't say anything about the food because I didn't eat, but the environment was great, staff was friendly, and it's a great way to have a good time.

I came with a group of friends on a Saturday night after a Galveston Art Walk.  Board Game Island is definitely an awesome concept for a bar/cafe, and they execute it pretty well.  

They have a ton of games for you to play, and they appeared to be roughly organized according to complexity/game length.  The games appeared to all be in pretty good condition, too, but we'll have to see how that changes with time.  Hopefully they keep cycling out games as they get worn/dirty.  

They had a decent selection of beer, but only one on draft (Karbach Weisse Versa).  Their food menu appears pretty wide, but it was hit or miss.  I got a Jamaican Jerk Sandwich, which was a decent value.  However, the chicken was kind of dry, and the shredded mozzarella cheese seemed to be thrown in as an afterthought (and not melted at all).  I wish they had a larger selection of appetizers, however, since I think larger group share-plates would be much better for board game excursions.  Some friends got the bruschetta appetizer, but it was very small (and not worth the price).

The service was pretty good and friendly, so no complaints there.

If they had a location closer to where I live in Seabrook, I could see myself spending a lot of time there (hopefully they read this!).  In talking with the staff, it sounds like they're working on opening a location in Rice Village eventually, which would be a good spot for a place like this.

Outstanding. I didn't think my twin 6 year old granddaughters would like it. They wanted pizza so agreed to go. They've never played board games but jumped right in and had tons of fun. Wide variety of pizzas and those we ordered were really good. We will be back.

As their name implies, this joint is filled with board games! Ranging from common to uncommon, if you come here, you definitely won't be bored! It's a great place to go for all ages. In addition to games, they also have food and drinks. Their food menu isn't huge, but they offer enough options to keep you satiated while you enjoy playing games.

This was a great spot to grab a drink and play a game!  Wish there was a location closer to home, but definitely plan on coming back when we are back in Galveston.

Absolutely love this place! Sooooo many different kinds of board games including a life size version of Operation. They serve food, beer, wine, and coffee. 

If you love games and food you'll absolutely love this place!!

Wanted to update since things have changed a little since my last visit. 

So I love the new layout. The huge shelf of games is now in the center of the room which helps break up the space so each table is a little more private and you have easier access to browse games.

Cafe service! I think this helped a lot. If you need anything, you go to the counter rather then having waiters. 

No charge for wanting to come in and play a game, but honestly I think you should tip them or order a drink or something. They have yummy cookies and a full menu of lunch or dinner items. 

I really enjoy the art themed walls. One time I went and it was all local art of game related pieces. Another time I came in all the paintings had a blue theme. 

Games seem to be in good condition and the staff is nice. This is a great place for families or hanging out with your friends. You can play family friendly games, or you know, cards against humanity. Haha. But there is plenty to choose from and they stay open late. Definitely a fan of this place!

An amazing place with food, tea, coffee, drinks etc. really nice place to chill with friends and play board games. 3starred it just because they got rid of wifi few weeks ago! And that really brings down the rating!

This cute and quaint little place in the heart of Downtown Galveston (across the street from the Old Galveston Square Trumpet) offers islanders, cruisers, and tourists another great lunch option. The personable staff is attuned to the "urgent" nature of your games and will wait politely to take your order and then serve discreetly if you're in the throes of a pressing play ;-)

Two wishes: 1. The Chicken Salad sandwich was good, but more moisture (mayo?) would make the salad GREAT. 2. Wish they had their own or validated parking. 

What makes up for these things was their flexibility about the dessert that was supposed to come with our Groupon. Without any cookies ready, the cashier offered us brownies. She decides however that the brownies are not their best today and asks if it's OK for each of us to get a slice of chocolate cake. Gosh, from a cookie to a slice of cake, argh, I don't know...such a tough choice!

Now THIS is a cool place to hang out. There's so many games to choose from! A really fun place to hang out as a group. They have pretty good menu items and a great selection of drinks. I got the mocha Bianco and it was super delicious. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the slow service. I'm not sure if we went on a off night, but there was only one lady taking orders and making them, so the food took a while. But the wait was bearable because of the games you can play! I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants a break from being out in the sun or a really nice study break.(:

Very cool place.  Has every board game under the sun.  They also make tasty baked goods.  Great place to hang out with friends.

The family and I visited this place this evening. The pizza was pretty good (crust could have used a little butter or some type of oil, just a little bit) other than that, it was really meaty and tasty. The atmosphere of the place was delightful. We really enjoyed ourselves. The staff was courteous. We'll surely stop in again on our next visit.

If you know what boardgamegeek.com is, you will love this place. Great food, reasonable prices, and my wife and I did a think-of-board-game-we-love-and-find-it-on-their-shelves game and everything we came up with, they had an open copy waiting to play. Friendly staff, almost any fun game you can think of, a vacation to Galveston Island feels like even more of a vacation knowing we can come and visit the Board Game Island. Seriously can't recommend this enough.

Board Game Island is such a neat concept! They have a cafe selling drinks and sandwiches and a full stock of common and uncommon games that you can play at your table. I can see myself spending hours in here enjoying some food and playing games with friends. The staff was really friendly and the decor was fresh and fun. I also loved that they are open till midnight if you want to hang out with friends and play games. 

We will be back!

I love this place. It's very unique and if you're looking for a place to just hang with your friends, then look no further.

Very neat concept! No pressure to leave and fairly priced. All you have to pay for is the food, playing the games is free. The assortment of games is perfect for family and groups of friends. Adult and non adult drinks available making it perfect for a multi-hour hangout spot. Definitely recommended if you have a couple hours free.

Looking for a light meal / lunch, we were LUCKY to find this gem!  The food was GREAT.  Chicken salad sandwich on a light, flaky croissant.  BLT on a croissant. Pepperoni pizza for the kids.  All was GREAT!  The atmosphere is as good as it gets.  TONS of board games to choose from and a) all the pieces were in stratego and b) it felt clean and nice!  Amazing!  Don't know how they manage to do that, but it sure made visiting with each other and the kids wonderful.  The staff was super friendly and offered good food suggestions.  Great beer and wine selection, too!  Will come back for sure!

Board games aren't my thing... But beer is. Luckily this place offers both! My friends dragged me here, and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. The coffee/deli/beer shop thing is really great and it's just a great atmosphere with a really novel concept. Hey, I even played a game with my buddies! Can't remember the last time I did that. I'll definitely go back. The overall happiness in the place is really infectious. I highly recommend you go and take your friends or family!

The concept is great and everyone works hard. Had a snarky brunette waitress for the first few months they opened but she seems to have mellowed out. The food is pretty good. The only drawback was that we went in on a Saturday night and it was 1/2 empty but they wanted to charge a $5 cover charge. That's ridiculous for any business in Galveston to charge a cover charge especially since there wasn't a band or a special event. It may have changed since then so check before you go.

If you've ever visited BoardGameGeek.com, you need to stop by here. They have seemingly everything, plus food and drink for while you play.

What a little gem this place is!  We stopped in for some beverages and played a game.  The atmosphere was chill, the music was great, and the staff were friendly.  We will definately come back again to try a pizza or sandwiches and play a game!

It has great food, and lots of great games, and a good beer selection! Fun place for the family or hang out with friends!

REally cool place with good food, service and atmosphere.  I brought a few friends in the evening and we chatted, played a fun game, ate and drank some wine.  I can't help but worry about how these folks will survive financially though. People sit for hours playing games and order a couple of drinks &amp; a sandwich maybe.  That won't pay the bills in that area.  I hope they can do it, cuz it's really fun.

Fun place, neat concept. Good place to drink some cold beers and play dungeons and dragons with with my cousin/father. As for the 5 bucks, if you didn't charge that, you would have every knuckel head with a deck of cards showing up and stealing all the oxygen from the air.

Great place to spend an afternoon!  Eat lunch and play games!  The club sandwich is great, and so is the chicken salad with cranberries.  Service is good and so is the food.  Bring friends or the kids, this is the place to play games.

This place rocks!  The Catanwich Panini is incredible.  I am not a sandwhich person at all and don't really care for ham or turkey so thought I' try the pastrami.  WOW.  It was fresh, flavorful, and that's because it is Boar's Head cuts.  All their cuts are BH.  The panini bread was crispy and like a mini baguette.  Very good. 

The games there are awesome!  I have never seen so many boardgames.  I only know like 6 in my life.  You have no idea how many games there are.  I plan on having a game night with friends!  How fun is that?  

The place is clean, and the decor is cool! The service was great and all the deserts are homemade.

Good food.  Hundreds of board games.  Staff is really friendly and know an amazing number of board games.  One of my favorite places to kill time with my kids.

Got a Groupon to try out this place while on vacation in Galveston.  Awesome place.  The club sandwich was HUGE and delicious.  No rush, just play your games, eat your food at your own pace.  The server was attentive without being overbearing, which can be tricky at a pace when you stay for more than an hour.  I would recommend this place for a great day of rest from your vacation!  We did not have kids with us, but they do have games for kids as well.

What a neat concept! Checked this place out this weekend with a friend and ended up spending a nice afternoon there.  The idea is petty simple-- order food or drinks and get free access to hundreds of board games. Options range from the classics like chess, life, and monopoly to the more recent releases in board and card games.  Staff were really nice and went out of their way to help us find games we might like!

