Your go to store for anime goodness. Trading card games, special collectible. If you like Yugioh card come here, and check out all this rare cards.

This shop is kinda a hidden gem. There prices on singles are 9/10 higher than online but you can price match with tcgplayer.com. The staff could be a little more friendlier to new comers. The place kinda smells like stale air and cigarettes. On the other hand the staff is knowledgable on Yugioh, Pokemon, Magic and Have alot of good singles, decks and boosters!! I wouldve rated 4 of 5 but there hours of business hurts them the most. Most card shops stay open till midnight on weekends they close at 6 on sundays.

Reasons for my rating not necessarily a bad rating.
Didn't greet as you walked in establish, seemed distracted not aware of all of the customers.
Limited inventory displayed ie Comics books mostly not convenient to browse.
Organization of stock not in any kind of system everything is here and there and more everywhere.
But you can run into some interesting issues with some diligent effort ..prepare for shoulder cramps. Pricing is somewhat in the middle from other comparisons but fair for my liking.
But overall the owner is a fair and seems to be engaged in their specialty as in store  cards tournaments Kids seemed to feel safe and enjoyed the atmosphere.


Hope this helps if I happen to be in the area again I'll update my review.

Ah the dank gaming houses of suburbia.  It's not gaming as in gambling, but rather as in card games and board games that are often though of as nerdy or geeky.  I use to hang out at these types of establishments quite often when I was in high school.  I stopped by this one on a nostalgic whim.  About a dozen or so gamers, mostly teenage boys.  I have no idea what they were playing, but the guy behind the counter seemed too overwhelmed getting a tournament started to be of much help to me.  Meanwhile most of the inventory of the store is behind the counter and difficult to browse through.

This is an awesome card shop. Brian, the store owner, is very helpful when you go in looking for cards. He, also, is very open to having conversations which creates a great atmosphere. The selection is overwhelming. There are YuGIOH cards galore. Make sure, if you're a fan, to check out the 10 cent boxes. You can find several gems. Love this place and should swing by again soon

