Absolutely the best gaming store in the area! Friendly, welcoming staff that greets you by name, once they learn yours.  Always going above and beyond to help, no matter what your gaming needs may be. 

With a plethora of events, there is always something to do at Ettin!

These guys are going out of their way to make sure your getting your game on!  I first ran into them at one of their events, a flea market of sorts where people bring in their used games to trade or sell.  We had a ball and have since also run into them at Owlcon. Ive spent all I could afford both times and will gladly do so again!  They know their stuff, if one employee doesnt know they ask another, and give you honest answers.  Looking for something they dont have, they said they would be glad to order it!

Visited when I was new to the city and was looking for a game store to replace my last game store when I lived in IN. I'm mostly into board games and wasn't impressed with what they had. They seemed more geared toward the miniature scene. They were friendly and willing to help just not what I was looking for.

I've been coming to this store for tabletop gaming for several months now even though it's quite a drive from Westchase to Humble, but it's worth it as I consider them to be one of the best gaming stores in the Houston area. While most stores seem to survive on Magic the Gathering tournaments, this one is more about board games and tabletop games, which is nice because those can be difficult to find. They have a great community of regulars on Wednesdays and on the weekends who keep things going, and everyone is friendly and welcoming. If you've ever thought about learning or just looking for a pickup game, then this is the place for you.

The store can be a bit hard to find because it's tucked away almost under an overpass, so give yourself a few minutes if you're coming in for a scheduled game. They do sell snacks and drinks at the store if you get hungry during a game, and there's also a few eateries next door (like Papa John's) so you won't have to worry about leaving for food if you plan to spend all day there. I like the fact that they let you open a tab so that you can just pay everything at the end once you're ready to leave. 

If you can't make the drive out to Humble, just look for them at local conventions (like Comicpalooza and Space City Con) as they always show up to sell their merchandise and run the gaming events. So if you're looking for like-minded folks who or need a space for your group or family to play in, then I definitely suggest you give this store a try.

This place is bad ass! They have so many games in their library (which are free to play!)! They have a ton of events, and they have such nice people too! 

If you want to play almost any table top game in existence or to hang out with generally nice people, I'd suggest giving this place a visit!

This is my game store of choice to play at. The employees are very friendly and up for chatting. There are plenty of open tables to play on, and I've met a few people by playing here. There is also free WiFi and it's not unusual to see someone sitting here with a laptop. The selections are pretty good here, a lot of role playing books available. 

There's also a respectable selection of demo games in the back, as well as terrain. The place is very well kept, and spacious. There's almost always someone playing something here.

Only con I see is the location is a little hard to get to sometimes. I've missed the exit for the U turn into the lot before, especially on my first visit. 

Overall, amazing place!

My husband and I stop at Ettin Games every time we pass Humble. Great selection of games to buy and to try. Workers there are happy to help and answer questions!

Biggest collection of demo board games I've ever seen. Try before you buy. They have a really good variety of board games available for purchase too. Staff was friendly. The store was clean and well organized. Big thumbs up!

I recently met the guys from Ettin Games at Space City Con: Winter 2014 and they were enthusiastic as well as helpful about their new venture into the local Houston gaming scene. Their stock of product is massive, they offer a service that is sorely needed on the North East side of town. They're making a strong presence known in the community through excellent use of social networking and attending CONs.

Later, I stopped by their new store (located next to Italiano's) and I was welcomed with the same great enthusiasm as they expressed at the CON. The store had new tables for gaming and a large selection of stock.

Ettin Games and Hobbies was established by a group of gamers for gamers. So you know they know what you want to see and experience in a game store.

Their primary focus is to provide a place for gamers from beginners (noobs) to advanced players to purchase, play, or learn some of our favorite games. From wargames, role-playing games, dice games, and card games. They have several custom made terrain tables set up along with regular tables for role playing groups. They also offer in-house miniature painting services.

Be sure to check out their Events Page for scheduled hosted events such as Dungeons &amp; Dragons, Pathfinder Society featuring Kingwood Tabletop Gaming and Magic the Gathering. 

I'll definitely be coming back for many game days to come.

I have been to the store twice before during the week when it was slow to pick up games they ordered for me and the owners son was nice. That's the ONLY reason they are getting two stars. On my trip today for a Flea Market they were having to trade a game I didn't want and maybe find a new game. Well, being an African American tabletop gamer, I get the stares and surprise to see me, since it's not to many of us in the "hobby". But, today it was like I was invisible and had the black plague.  Not friendly at all. I was ready to spend money today, but decided to walk away. 

I won't be going out to Humble for this store again.

Ladies if your man wants to drag you to the game store all day this is the one to get dragged to! Everyone is awesome! No creepy staring from the fellas and it totally does NOT have that all too familiar gamer funk... Plus they have a ton of board games to try and if you're interested someone will show you how to play justa out anything they have.

The staff (and the customers that frequent the store) are very, very nice and are accepting of new folks.  I was not afraid of something falling on my head, and  everything was well-organized and uncluttered.  Great game store!

Went to Ettin's free Rpg day. Had a blast! Got to met a lot of new people. The staff was friendly and helpful. Will gladly go back for DnD encounters on Wednesday night. :)

I've been to a huge variety of different card game/hobby shops to play MTG and I have to say this seems like the best one easily. Here is why

Pros
- Friendly community and owners
- Clean and large play areas even the bathroom
- Decent Prize support
- Tab for Regulars (nice to be able to grab a drink and not interrupt game play)

Cons
- Google Map can't find this place due to the weird looping roads
- Wish more people were interested in hanging out for mtg outside of tournament days.

Only buys back games! They claim on yelp that they buy movies and games. However I just called them and they only buy games.

