Awesome place, helpful staff, solid prices, and welcoming atmosphere.

My wife and I bought Netrunner, a 2-player card game, after Dennis's recommendation. Not only did he help us setup the game at one of the tables, but he thoroughly explained the intricacies of the game and answered many of our questions. Furthermore, he brought out playing mats for the game and pointed out nuances to help engage us more in the game. 

While we were learning the game, there were tons of other game-enthusiasts playing a variety of games. This place is awesome - highly recommend for anyone into games of all kinds or comic books.

Paid these guys a visit while I was traveling. Love seeing independent shops when I'm on the road. Staff was very friendly and very helpful! Great selection of many things you'd expect or hope to see in a game shop. Comics, boardgames, dice, RPG books, comic statues, etc. Table space for weekly RPGs and card games. Stop in and support LFGS!

Great place, all the stuff is reasonably priced and they have a huge selection organized by publisher so it's really easy to find everything your looking for, plus they give you a bag and bored for all the comics you purchase so that's a bonus

DISCLAIMER: I am reviewing Fat Ogre as a comic book reader/collector, not a table top gamer. With that said, I imagine if I were a gamer that my rating would be considerably higher, as it is more of a store for gaming. There were tons of people set up playing all manner of games the last time I was there (and the times before that), and their selection for gaming is HUGE. It seems like there was a great, tight-knit community of gamers in the store and they all seemed to be having a good time.

Now, as a comic book fan, the store is not quite as good. They have a very small back issue selection, and all of the comics are on the dirty, tile floor by the entrance. Not the most welcoming environment to dig through back issues. The back issues are not organized very well, and it is a pretty small selection for a store this size, but the prices were fair and there are some decent finds to be had here.

Fat Ogre offers a pretty good selection of variant covers for new issues at a reasonable price, and they even offer deals if you buy multiples. I'm not a variant guy myself, but if you are, this place may be worth checking out for you.

There was a decent selection of toys, merch and other comic book related items, and the prices were pretty standard on those, so nothing bad to or good to say here, just information to help you decide if you should check it out or not. 

The staff was very friendly, the store is huge, it's in a great space, mostly clean (except by the back issues) and if you are into pop culture at all, you should definitely check it out. Just know that it is more aimed at gamers than it is at comic book fans, but it's a decent place for both.

So, final word as a comic book fan; this is a very middle-of-the-road store, definitely better options in Houston. If you're north of town in The Woodlands though, this is one of your few options for comic books.

Great  joint! Owned and operated by a local guy.  We have been going here since they first open in their original location. Great service, very friendly. Limited in stock but not uncommon givens today's business dynamic. 

Lots of space for gaming and a pretty steady schedule of games going on at any given time. 

Things in stock include (but not limited to) role playing references, playable trading cards, war hammer, board games, figurines, comics, and printed T-shirt.

Of all the comic book shops I've been to, this one is hands down, my least favorite. They're really more about the table top gaming than anything else. Which doesn't make a very welcoming environment for someone still developing their interest in comic books, or for young women in general, who are forced to scale the perimeter of the room to browse titles, while tables and tables of creepy dudes watch them shop and try to gauge how much they belong there. I gave it a few chances, hoping for a better crowd, but I've got to be honest. After the few experiences I've had, I don't think I'll ever be going back.

Excellent eclectic comic and game shop.  Great customer service and the employees working there are very helpful.  Have played in a Bolt Action and SAGA tournament there and had lots of fun, good competition and made some friends.  Plenty of places to eat around the location when staying for an event or doing some gaming.  Did I say helpful staff and they have plenty of room to game for miniatures and board games.  Highly recommend this store.

While their selection is truly daunting (especially if you're into wargaming) Fat Ogre's biggest flaw is undoubtedly in their customer service. Simply put, if you aren't here for Magic: The Gathering or Warhammer/machine, you will be treated like human garbage. I used to regularly purchase boardgames and played here with my dnd group. However, after several months of loyal patronage from myself and most of my table (and even those of us who didn't buy games from the shop always, always bought their overpriced snacks), we were told in no uncertain terms to leave because "people who buy the product get the table space."

Setting aside for a moment the fact that we had indeed been loyally purchasing from their store, this is just an atrocious way to treat your customers at all. When I was spending money on heroclix or magic or something that brings in thousands of dollars from borderline hobby addicts I was treated serviceably, but once I went down to a monthly boardgame purchase and bi-weekly dnd game I might as well have been a homeless person greasing up their tables.

Basically, unless you fit in with their idea of the "nerdy elite," don't bother coming here. Hit up 8th Dimension or Ettin Games instead (they're on opposite ends of 196 so you have an option no matter which side of 45 you live on) and you'll have a better atmosphere with the same selection and amount of playing space.

Stopped by the other day and met Andrew, Eric and Jen, lots of great people. Thanks for making me feel welcome. I look forward to spending both my time and money there.

This is a small yet friendly game store which is trying to cater to comics, rpg, wargamers, xbox and many more. Its very diverse, yet if you want something special ordered or included in their regular order simply ask or email ahead of time and they'll work with you.

They've got plenty of hobbies that might interest you including warhammer fantasy and 40k, flames of war, and a lil warmachine/hordes. They've also got plenty of RPGs that might tickle your interest like pathfinder, dark nova, and a new one called: New Gods of Mankind. They're heavily into Magic the Gathering and have a large community.

Additionally, they have set aside a part of the store for hobby work so you can have some room to work on projects at.

After I left a 1 star review the General Manager contacted me and berated me for this review left:

"Modern store, poor back issues, big gaming section. The creepy guy with the bad teeth was a little too helpful.  He really freaked me out, hovering over my shoulder, giving me a bookmark, etc.  I purposely wear headphones when I'm in a comic store so I can look and browse on my own how I want to.  Creepy guy, interrupted me four times during my visit.  That is unacceptable in my book.  LEAVE ME ALONE unless I ask for some help, sheesh!"

I have increased it a star for the following reasons:

It is a modern store.  You will find anything you could want with regards to modern comics.  If you are looking for back issues, you will be sorely disappointed.  They have what appears to be a large section devoted to back issues, but it is, in reality, just a section for the past 3 years comics that they didn't sell.

The general manger wrote me the following in his correspondence with me, 

"...we only carry back issues from when we opened up shop. 3 years ago to current. We never claim to be a back issue store. Honestly comics are only really here for our pull list customers then a couple of copies for the shelf."

I have no clue what they claim to be.  I simply visited the store as a comic book fan and did not find what I was looking for.

This store's focus appears to be gaming, and in that department, you'll be very pleased.  It has a huge section for it, and all the supplies you could want or need.

Thus, if I did not have the personal interaction that I did with the employee I probably would have given this store a strong 3.  However one cannot discount the impact of ones employees.  In my original review, I never stated that I didn't like the store and would never return.  I would however avoid the employee.  If it continued every time I visited, I would just not return.  If I had a positive experience on an additional visit, I would have then re-reviewed this store and given my honest assessment of that experience.  My point was to alert other visitors that they may also experience such treatment at this store.  

I do concede that the use of "the creepy guy with the bad teeth" was improper, and shouldn't have been in my review.  I do apologize for that, and will refrain from such statements in the future.

Fat orge is a pretty sweet store for being on the north side. I was pretty impressed since I had low expectations because Im so used to bedrock and nans close to my apartment. I was very impressed, it wasnt a mess and it's modern. the older man who works there with glasses and the bald headed guy were VERY helpful and did not come off as creepy at all. 9/10 times I usually end up buying a lil stack of graphic novels. It's a smaller selection but they always have good stuff! I assume if you like gaming it's good there's always people there and I usually go on Mondays so business is good. They always go beyond to make sure I get the issues I want and will always check for me!

A nice haven for geekery.  Haven't been back since they've expanded, so I'll need to update my review.  But this place is pretty solid across the board.  Fair prices for their in store drinks since you can't bring yours in.  But yeah, if you need comics, games, a table to play on, or a social outcast looking friend, check em' out.

I say social outcast looking because, let's face it, these hobbies are great, but most people don't fit the "cool person" group like I do.  Har har har.

Will go again!

There is no such thing as a perfect comic store, I am convinced of this.
That being said, Fat Ogre does a good job of providing a wide variety of new comics, especially being that the store is more gaming centered.

I have been going there since day one (Spider-Man 3 Opening/FCBD), every Wednesday after that, and there have only been a few times when something on my pull list was missed, and only once did I not have a copy in my folder within two weeks.

Beyond that there have been a few occasions when something was not out on the wall, but there is no one to blame but myself for not asking for a particular comic to be ordered.

The gaming selection seems top notch, but I really have no experience with that beyond party games, which I have found a few original items there over the years.

The workers here are great, they have been nice to me every time I have come in to look at comic's and have always helped when I had questions. This alone is more than I can say for a lot of other stores who talk down to me because I am a girl and they wrongfully assume that I know nothing about comic books. One of my problems is their comic book selection is pretty mediocre to say the least (I don't play table top games so I can't say anything on that front). The last time I went in I was looking for some New 52 comic's and other than the new releases on the wall the selection was terrible.  However my BIGGEST complaint is that they decided to mark up all of their new release DC variant covers from $2.99 to $10.00 just because they can. I understand that these comics are printed in more limited numbers thus making them more uncommon, BUT that doesn't mean that you can upcharge these comics THE SAME FREAKING DAY THAT THEY ARE RELEASED, just because you feel like it. I believe that this practice is extremely screwed up and I will not be shopping here again because of it.

Tabletop games take up at least 50% of this place. I hesitated to go down the comics wall because of the super serious gamers who had their table set up right next to it. I didn't want to anger them. Also, they didn't have two of the things I was looking for, dividers and boxes.

