This is the best-looking gaming store I've seen in the Houston area; from the "gate" that's lacquered onto the main entrance to the wooden laminate and "torches" that adorn the walls. If you're looking for ambiance, this place has it in spades. It's also the pretty much the only gaming store (that I know of) in the Sugar Land/Fort Bend area, so gamers living on the southwest side should be happy that they now have a place to play at.

Unlike most comic book stores that people think about when they hear the word "geek store", this place is dedicated mostly to tabletop games like Dungeons &amp; Dragons, Savage Worlds, X-Wing miniatures, etc. Magic the Gathering will come soon, according to the owner, once they're fully registered with the Wizards Play Network. There are also several board games on display, but I'm not very familiar with those since I'm mostly a videogame snob. :P

Most of the area is taken up by tables for people to play on, and there's even a huge special back room with shelves of figurines and set pieces that you and your group can use when you reserve it. Indeed, the store seems to be dedicated to group play; they regularly set up sessions throughout the week for D&amp;D, Savage Worlds, and other systems for players to come in and try. Players who are interested in joining can sign up on their mailing list or Meetup page in order to be notified. They've only been open for 2 weeks so nothing is set in stone yet, but so far I've seen that Wednesdays are very popular for D&amp;D/Pathfinder, while Fridays and Saturdays tend to have X-Wing, Savage Worlds, and other games throughout the day.

So if you and your group are looking for a place to play, or if you're a player that's looking to find others to form a group with, you should definitely check this place out.

Stopped in one day just to see what this place was like. Oh my goodness am I in love! The owners are so friendly and welcoming. They are helpful to both novice  and experienced game players alike. The facility is kept clean and smells very pleasant. This Is a nice change from most game shops. If you are ever curious about D&amp;D, pathfinder or really most board games, do yourself a favor and stop inside. I am glad I did.

I dropped in to play D&amp;D and found it to be much better than the average card and comic store. The prices are fair, the selection is good, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. It's really cool that they've got the whole place decorated like a fantasy style cottage. I could tell the owners actually care about the local tabletop community and that makes a huge difference. I'm sure this place will be a Houston geeky destination for years to come!

