My fav place to game in the houston area. Guy is the nicest and always has the newest games on hand.  With the new location there are always game tables to use.

Great place to meet people when you're new in town. Plenty of people willing to teach games, and I've learned so many different board games from the Thursday night Board Game meetup at 6:30 PM here!

Also there is a pokestop!!!!!

This store is amazing. I have utilized this shop for a number of years and have never been disappointed. Guy (store owner) is very friendly and knowledgeable about table top, card, and board games, and is always willing to help newer players out.

More so than almost any store I have been to around Houston, Guy gives good value to his player base. 

Definitely a STRONG recommend.

This is a wonderful game store. Friendly and knowledgeable. If they don't have the game you want, they will try and order it for you and get it in within a week. I have to admit that I am a regular but, there is a reason why I am a regular and that is customer service. I live about 16 miles away from this store and there are a lot of games store closer than Montag, but this is the one I always go back to purchase, play and hangout. They are moving to a new location down the street with a lot bigger gaming space and you bet that I will be there supporting the store.  Come and check the new place out!!

OUTSTANDING!    email: montagsgames@sbcglobal.net

Guy, the owner is AWESOME and he is far more knowliable than any of the other card shops in Houston!  Montag's Games has a smaller selection but it rivals other stores with rooms of cards (Quality vs. Quantity).  

VERY FAIR PRICING!

I'm an old fuddy-duddy who has too many kids to make it out to game stores as much as I would like, but last year I decided to try to introduce my 9 year old to MTG... Enter Montag games. What a treat. Even for someone like me that drops in every few months, and rarely spends more than $10 a visit (their holiday sale was nice last year), they are welcoming and helpful. I like to come in and file through the cheap MTG cards, sometimes for an hour or three, so I've had a chance to watch them interact with all sorts. They are very knowledgeable, as all gaming store peoples should be, and go out of their way to make novices feel comfortable and old pros feel appreciated. Their pricing is fair, and I'm more than happy to drive all my gaming business here.

I am surprised to not see more reviews for Montag's Games. 

I truly love this place, and missed it a great deal when I had to leave for college. But made sure to come back any time I was in town. It was always nice to know he remembered me, even after months of being gone. 

Guy is an amazing store owner. His place may be small, but it is filled with a variety of games and options. He has a great selection of single Magic: The Gathering, and will go out of his way to find you the cards you need even if it means going through his personal deck or asking customers if they're willing to sell theirs. Unfortunately, he doesn't always have everything you'll need and will sometimes have a rather empty display case, but that doesn't bother me because I keep coming back for the personal service he always shows me and my family. 

I remember making a trip from Austin, to play at his Game Day where his entry fee was only $5 and he gave us extra Promo Cards. He's always given me good prices for cards always looking at it's condition first and checking online to see if card prices have either gone up or down, and always gives me a fair price when he buys from me. If the condition of a card you want isn't tip top shape he always gives you the option to take it for a lower price or take a near mint for full price, and for those on a Magic budget like me it's very much appreciated. 

Guy has a really good thing going here, and I wish him the best success.

As for the players, can't say they are the nicest of people but they aren't the reason I go and they are certainly not the reason I would stay away since Guy has made himself worth the trip I make from North Houston. But I have competed in many tournaments in several different shops, so honestly players are players and you're definitely going to find a bad bunch somewhere. Perhaps, being a girl and being laughed at so many times has given thick skin so to be anywhere I go I'm ready for the worst in players but I expect the best out of owners since they don't have to reflect those who play at their store. And Guy doesn't, he's a really nice guy who asked about me whenever my husband went to pick up some cards for me while I was in Austin.

They post events and cancel it without any notice. Glad I drove 45 minutes for nothing but being told "I don't know what to tell you man." Nice customer service. I'll never shop here again.

This is one of the gems in the Pearland area.  The owner is great, if they don't have a game in Stock the owner will order it for you and most of the time give you a 15% discount off retail price.

all kinds of games here: games workshop, card games, board games, miniatures, role playing, etc. also stocks lots of extras such as terrain, P3 paints, brushes, and hobby supplies. all kinds of events and tournaments are held regularly and there's always a couple of interesting games being played when I visit the store. the owner is very knowledgeable and is always helpful in finding anything you need to order.

This is a Magic-only review, but Montag's does have 40K, HeroClix and Board games available. 

So I recently got back into Magic (during M14) and I was looking for a game store to play at. A couple of my friends went to Montag's for FNM or to buy singles, so I decided to tag along and I'm really glad I did. While there are plenty of stores closer to where I work and live, Montag's stands out because of its customer service (aka the owner, Guy). I enjoy going there to talk Magic &amp; non-Magic things and I'm not just a $ sign like other stores. Some stores don't greet you as you enter and sometimes it's hard to find the cashier when you want to buy singles, but Guy is always there behind the counter to help you with any questions. 

So specifics on the store: it can comfortably hold 50 people playing in a tournament (FNM averages high 20s/low 30s, pre-release is in the 40s). There are 2 display cases filled with popular singles (and he has much more in inventory), while he doesn't have Russian foil Snapcaster Mages or Beta Lightning Bolts, he has an extensive selection of any card played in Standard. The card selection for Modern is really good as well; I made my tribal flames zoo deck and Splinter Twin deck with the available stock. He has a case dedicated to dice, another case to binders &amp; pages and he has all types of sleeves and deckboxes (from KMC Hyper Mats to Ultra Pros, etc...).  The singles pricing is usually TCG mid, but if there are any nicks/imperfections, there's a small discount to compensate. For the casual players, he has like ten of the 5,000 count card boxes filled with singles priced starting at $0.10/card and there's a nice bulk discount down to $0.03/card.

The variety of Magic tournaments/casual play is great as well: Sunday is Modern (~10 to 12 people), Monday will be Legacy (starting in the summer 2014) and Friday is FNM (which is standard or draft depending on when a new set came out). There are a variety of players ranging from the "I just got into Magic" to the regular players to the IQ and GP grinders, but overall, the quality of players is above average compared to other stores. I won't find my next girlfriend at this card shop (the demographics don't support it), but I will definitely have some great Magic playtest or tournament games here. Again, this is my go-to store for Magic and hopefully, it'll be yours too. Cheers!

I've been going to this place since around when it first opened, and honestly I'm ashamed that I'm just now getting around to reviewing it. The owner of the shop, Guy, is one of coolest and most sincere individual I know. The whole shop has a very friendly and open atmosphere, and Guy will not hesitate to help you with anything you need.

If you're looking for a place to buy CCG's, tabletop games, RPG's, board games, or even just a place to hang out, definitely stop by. This place makes me enthusiastic and excited about supporting local businesses.

