Very cozy. The owner Syd and employees are very welcoming and willing to take time to sit and do demo games. Great place to go if you want to try games. They have thousands of games lining the walls and are willing to open to demo if there's multiple copies. There are tables for all the standard wargames, 40k, warmachine, xwing, etc. 

The selection of reaper miniatures is one of the largest I've seen, so great if you just want to pick up something to paint. There's a small computer gaming room, but I don't think it's used much.

Best of all, there's a used minis bin, which is great if you just love painting minis like me, or just want to find some cheap buyins. (There are some complete armies for sale.)

Only cons are it's cluttery if that bothers you, due to the walls being lined with board games, and the fact it opens at 4 on weekdays. I understand that there's much less business, but sometimes I want to pop in a little earlier. Minor inconvenience is all.

There's a new kid in town and he'd like for you to bring your game on.  Bring your friends, bring  your geek date or just bring your pinball/video arcade craving self, there is something for everybody here.  If you are familiar with the name, then yes, this is a test pilot of things to come for future models like this and counterpart to the one located in the Cypress area.  Syd told me that this is just a testing mule to see if this concept works for future Sword and Superheroes locations. 

To put into perspective to where this is, reset your odometer and give it 5 miles from Deerbrook Mall, 10 miles from Beltway 8/ 59 North and a million miles from a care in the world once you've immersed yourself in here.  Once you land on North Park Drive you should drive down about two miles heading East until you see a Napa Auto Parts, it's directly across the street from that.

Parking is tiny, there are about 6 spaces in the front, but additional spaces on the left side.  

Once inside you will probably run into Syd who is running the business and will go great measures to make sure you are accommodated and your questions answered.  

Do you like Pinball?  There are three machines right in the lobby as you enter and one video pinball with 150 games programmed into it, to the left there you will see about 8 cabinets of multi arcade games which should satisfy all of your childhood memories and keep you busy while not worrying about any quarters to lose.  What is the price you ask? As of today the price is $4 per half an hour of all  you can plan (Arcade and Pinball), $6 per hour and the best value if you plan to stay awhile $15 from open to cerrado. 

As you walk  to the back of the business to the left you'll see a room full of cards, game figurines and such aka hobby games. To the right is a kitchen looking area with lots of board games, tables to eat on, a freezer with Ice Cream sundries and other snacks.  A little door on the right is the mini restroom.

Back out into the hallway and continue towards the back and further to the left is the LAN area, do you even LAN Bro?  It's obvious what it is when you pass and see about 10 monitors with miles of wires connecting each other.  

Back on out of there and open the last door to the back and you've entered the Laser Tag arena with four tables to the sides for tabletop RPG games.  This is where the fun begins if you have two or more people with you, yes I said two minimum, not four like other places.  If you are on a date you can test his/her physical abilities a little with a little friendly game of duck and shoot.  Have fun kids, this is for you!  Prices advertised are....
==============
$8 for 1 game (approx 5 to 10 minutes)
$15 for 3 games (approx 30 minutes)
$20 for 6 games (approx  60 minutes) Per person.  

Basic rules:
1) No running (unless being chased by a naked dude that has had his share of bath salts
2) Both hands on gun  (No running around pistol style while scratching your sweaty buttocks)
3) Do not touch the barricades (And do not touch yourself)
4) Keep a 3' distance from other players (No kissing)
5) No flatuating (odors linger, it's very dangerous for the person behind you and you would not want other people to know how disgusting you are)

One more area I almost missed is upstairs.  You can't  miss that and that is where there are more of those table top figurine gaming areas (RPG).  I've never played those before but if you look at some of the pictures I posted you can pretty much tell what it is.  

Having a birthday party for your kids?  They have a package that includes 10 people for $250, give them a call for reservations and details. There specials all week long are on Tuesdays the games are $5, Wednesdays are Ladies night, they play free with a partner they bring in (Syd, that's sexist and not fair!)

Xfinity customers! yea you, if you have an account then the wifi here is very strong.  Me likey!

Any questions?  You may reach them at 936 650 7900 (What kind of number is THAT?) 

You're not going to find everything in the game/fun world here, but I can guarantee you that if you are any kind of "gamer" then there should at least be one thing here that can touch your inner childhood sitting there with your friends on weekends  wasting time like you had no care in the world.  At 9 or 10 pm at weeknights it's time to go back to reality as the place closes, Friday and Saturdays will yield you more time of around 1:00 a.m.

Tonight, on a whim, I decided to venture beyond my usual comic bookstore and play a Magic booster draft. I had heard great things about this place. So glad I checked it out. The store is smaller than some of its larger Houston counterparts but its relaxed, chill, welcoming and chockfull of amazing items! They have Dungeons and Dragons on Friday night as well as a station for playing Warhammer.  Tons of Warhammer, War Machine, Hordes and other miniatures. 

Saturday night is board game night. I totally recommend you go and participate! 
Their selection of board games is very impressive.  Its a massive inventory! Incredible. 

I am really impressed by the selection of merchandise. Its extremely extensive. A really big inventory that's very expertly categorized. If you are a fan of playing Magic the Gathering, they have a wonderful array of items to choose from. Lots of Playmats, a huge selection of Magic deck boxes and card sleeves. They have a lot of dice but it's hard to see what they have as the dice boxes are tightly packed in a glass cabinet.  The place is packed with goodies. They have CHOCOLATE YOOHOO and a cooler full of rad drinks. Glenn (I'm assuming the store manager) was very welcoming and helpful. 

Don't go expecting a large store. Go expecting a smaller, cozy laid back store that utilizes every bit of square footage with pretty amazing stuff! 

P.S. And in reference to the review below and the person who said this particular store tampers with their boosters, I bought 11 boosters total. Three I received as part of the booster draft and eight boosters I purchased on my own. I received 3 mythic rares and 9 rares. So I would say that as of now, that accusation or rumor is sheer rubbish.  I was very happy with my bounty of booster pack Magic cards.

So, maybe I should give this place 4 stars, but since I've only been there once, and I was not gaming but only buying games and dice, I'll leave it at 3 and then add more stars as I go.  

We did only pop in looking for dice, but found a couple of things we liked/wanted and so made a bigger purchase.  They have a large selection of games.  I'll give them that.  We could have potentially stayed for a very long time and perused everything.  As it was, we visited with the very nice lady working there (sadly I don't remember her name) and had fun looking at some of the geeky fun, especially anything having to do with Cthulu.  They have lots of games based upon the Old One himself.  As a Lovecraft fan, I was geeking out.  Apparently, someone had recently been there painting a Warhammer figure as the smell of paint hung heavily in the air by the painting area.

There are tables for gaming and couple of coolers with drinks.  The conditions are pretty primitive, but I don't expect armchairs and massagers.   I think that a chair and a table are about all you need.  

Overall, this is a good place to head if you want some nerdy fun in the form of games, either to play them or for supplies.  I especially like that it's locally owned and operated.  That's a plus in my book.

I don't know where all the negative hullabaloo is coming from.

I've been a part of the Saturday Board Game night for a few months now, and it has been the most fun I've had playing board games on a regular basis.  

The Kingwood store has plenty of room to play (war games, card games also), and I have never had to pay to play there.  It is a friendly store who has always made me feel welcome.  I've tried starting Game Nights at other stores like DNA and TBB, but have never felt welcome to play there.  Let me get this straight, the owner of TBB was fantastic and friendly, but the customers and players sort of look at you sideways when you walk in.  I tried to get a board game night going there for over a month and people would just ignore you when you asked if they wanted to play.  

As of day one at the Kingwood S&amp;S, the customers have always asked if I want to play something, and I offer anyone who walks in the door to sit and play with us.  It's great.

As for things about stock being over priced? I just don't see it.  They have more board games than any other place within 30 miles (and more variety than anywhere in town), and the selection is a fantastic mix of old and new.  The prices are MSRP or maybe a dollar or two more, but when you can't find it anywhere else, does a dollar really matter?  They even have some games that are cheaper than MSRP.  I have bought at least 3 games that are out of print here for cheaper than they were on line.  And they restock weekly.  

Also, they have Yoo-Hoo, so you really can't beat it. 

The remodel looks great. Carpet in the store and it looks super organized now. Games separated by genre and type is a much better way than just straight alphabetical! 

I like going in knowing I like a co op like pandemic and can go straight to a shelf that has a bunch of games that are co ops like it. That's not something you get by sorting alphabetically!

