This is definitely the best place to hire! I have 4 kids so I have had a large share of experiences using different places and characters and I am very impressed with their services. I found them on google and decided to test them out since my son is a big Captain America fan and likes the Flash as well and is always having them battle, I thought this would be the perfect gift for his 6th Birthday Party. Gowrie was amazing! she is on top of it and and extremely helpful with suggestions and most importantly reminders very pleased with her customer service skills. The day of the party both Captain America and Flash arrived minutes before to go over details and what I wanted them to accomplish, their entrance was pretty amazing, totally in character, which i loved, and they remain in character the whole time, they were funny and engaged with all the kids, even the older kids that think they are too big for this kind of stuff were entertained, which was neat, They went above and beyond. I like how I had picked Captain America to win and how it centered on that, my son was trilled! towards the end he got to challenge Captain America himself and defeated him and that is all he has been talking about, All the parents were impressed with them and the party was a complete success which is something we all want as parents. I also like that they did everything they said they would and even though the timing was a bit off they was not rushing anything in the past i have had character that on the dot they are trying to leave even when they have not gotten done everything they said they would which is sometimes a headache and you end up feeling like they were there more for the money than them enjoying what they do, so i can definitely say that these two LOVE what they do and you can clearly see it as you want someone to want to make your child and guest as happy as you do. 

If I could give them more stars i would. and will be using this place for all future events, no need to look for another.

Thank you all!!!

We had an awesome party with Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader.
The Kids had a blast! The parents were so impressed with the characters. 
Costumes were great, games and actors were great. 
Super easy to book, the guys were early and super professional. 
Thanks for making our day great and being so flexible in a challenging environment like an ice rink. 
Luke Skywalker was even out on the ice skating with the kids. 
THANK YOU

We are so grateful to Action Events for such a wonderful experience at my sons 5th birthday party.   The booking process was extremely easy and Gowrie was very accommodating and worked closely with our venue contact to make sure all necessary forms were filled out.

We hired Han, Luke and Darth Vader to come to the party. They were extremely professional and the kids had an amazing time.  We were concerned that Darth Vader may be scary to some of the children but they found a way to make him funny and approachable.  It was a terrific experience and I highly recommend using them in the future.

Darth Vader and Luke did a great job entertaining the kids at my party! I would highly recommend them. Thank you for making my party a blast.

I based my booking on yelp reviews. And I booked two characters (blue and red power dinocharge rangers). Gowrie was very helpful and booking was very easy. The power rangers came early to pick up items that got placed in their treasure chest. Very professional. Very entertaining for both kids (5 yr olds) and adults. If I had another event, I would definitely book this company again!

Luke Skywalker &amp; Darth Vader did an incredible job for my son's 5th birthday! The fact that they could keep 12- 5 year olds engaged and well behaved for an hour impressed all of us parents. They arrived early to the event, were professional to work with and are truly talented entertainers. 
My son reported that his favorite part of his party was when he "convinced Darth Vader to stop being bad-  "don't worry mom-he promised."   
It's one of my sweetest memories of his birthday.

Found this company randomly while  doing a google search for a last minute bday party and I could not be happier that I did. We hired two ninjas to come for a five year old birthday party ( two days before the event) They were a major hit. Very professional; they called 15 minutes before they arrived to give us a heads up and asked how they should enter the party. Kept all the kids busy for an hour which is not easy to do..

Where do I begin?? I can't say enough good things about Action Events LA.. We just had our son's Ninja Turtle party there and I want to throw him another party there this weekend since everyone including the parents had such a great time.. :) 

The booking process was seamless... I contacted Gowrie about 5 months before the actual party month and since it was so far away they didn't know the availability right then, she gave me an estimated time when she would know and actually contacted me 2 weeks before that given time and we booked our time slot... She was beyond accommodating and an extreme pleasure to work with... 
We arrived for the party to set up and within 10 minutes one of the characters (Michaelangelo) was out to greet the kids that were there already and was in true character form, he was GREAT!!! Then Raphael came in and our son was just star struck and in heaven to be with 2 of 4 turtles, he even called our son his "Mini-Me", too cute... 

As the party went on Shredder made his entrance in and it was like time stood still, all the kids and I think some of the adults were in awe... From there they did games, turtle training, the treasure hunt (highly recommend this, it got all the kids involved, especially the ones who were scared at first), a duel between our son and Shredder where our son beat Shredder and was given a medal for his victory and then he got to open the treasure chest and hand out the mini plushie turtles we had in there and what I appreciated the most during this part was that  Shredder made it very clear for the kids to remain seated and you get what you get, you can trade with someone else...  All 3 characters stayed in true character form and even helped out with handing out pizza and the cake, they were beyond helpful... I think my favorite part was when our little guy gave each one of them a colored picture of each of them he had worked on for a few days before and signed his name so they would remember him... They never broke character and said they would take it back with them to their sewer or lair, it was actually my favorite part of the whole day how sweet and genuine they were with our son... 

All I know is that I could go on and on about all of them, they truly made my son's birthday absolutely perfect and the ease of it all was perfect for me... :) 
I can't wait for next year, I will definitely be booking with them again, our son already said he wants all 4 Turtles and Shredder... ;)  and I couldn't be happier, I know he will remember his 5th birthday for ever... :D

Hands down the best experience and the most fun we've had .  We were celebrating my sons 5th birthday and they went above and beyond to make the day extra special. The characters interacted so well with the age group given and kept them fully engaged and excited . Not only did the kids enjoy them but the adults had a blast with with so much laughter. We requested for three characters and all of them gave us some special and hilarious moments that we will remember for a long time. Most Definitely you will not be disappointed.

They were amazing! They kept both the children and the adults entertained. Everyone was having a great time. They stayed in character from beginning to end. So glad I book with them.

Great great great. 
I have utilized the service 2 times in 1 month.  They are that good! 
I made the mistake of not confirming booking info for my last event this past weekend. 
I literally called their office 20 minutes before closing on the Friday prior to my event. Gowrie was graceful enough to assist me in the total last minute. 
Big deal because my event was about 16 hours away and she hadn't confirmed with her staff and I thought my daughters b day party was going to be ruined because of daddy's lack of booking. 

But they took off their hats and pulled the rabbit out.  Gowrie confirmed the character was available. Took all my info and payment info and literally had it all squared away with in 10-15 minutes. 

Day of event:
My character shows up. Kids instantly all start to rush. 
This is for both separate events. 

1st event I had batman and Spider-Man. 
Best entrance ever!!! 
Batman had the kids going. Then Spider-Man appeared on my roof top (this was something I requested to batman before he suited up and made their entrances) kind of dangerous but they pulled it off. 
Total hit. 

2nd event. 
Snow White has all the kids- boys and girls involved with face painting, meet n greets, picture times. Total hit!!! 

Both events the characters had both the boys and girls entertained. 
My fear was super hero party and the girls would be left out. Not the case. 
And sage for Snow White!!! 

By the way. VERY IMPORTANT TO MENTION:

They where not looking at watch the whole time. They went above and beyond. The costumes are great too. Not the cheesy ones. 

They looked great! 

Don't hesitate. Book them. Your child will love it!!! 

Thank you the team for making memories for my kids and guest to enjoy for years to come!

We used Action Events for my son's 6th birthday party.  We had a Pokemon theme party and had Ash, Brock, and Misty come and take the kids around the park we were at.  They trained to find Pokemon and they knew pretty much everything about Pokemon!  They searched for a treasure box at the end and had medal ready for the birthday boy.  I just love how the 3 of them kept the kids engaged and it was a lot of fun!  I highly recommend Action Events!  I hope to use them again in the future.  Gowrie is the manager and she was very easy to work with.  She responded back to emails quickly, followed up the week of and was very friendly in her emails.  It was SO easy to plan a party with them!

I just want to say how Wonderful my sons Birthday Party Was!!! We had two power rangers Jesse and Brandon and they were amazing and so much fun!!! They were attentive from the beginning and all the way till the very end, with all the picture taking and cake cutting they went above and beyond my expectations. From start to finish everything exceeded my expectations!!! 

Also Gowrie is in charge of the coordination of the party. I have to say she is very professional and helpful. I booked the party through email and a couple of phone calls- totally no hassle!!!

Obi Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader made my daughters 4th birthday party truly special.  Great costumes, great bit. The kids had a blast training to become Jedis.  I can't say enough good things about them!  This company is great!

I had a handful of bad experiences with 4 and 5 star businesses on Yelp so when I found Action Events LA and saw that it had many great reviews, I was a bit suspicious.  Are all the reviews from actual satisfied customers?  Is this business really this good?

Yes, Action Events LA is deserving of the 5 stars and all the praise.      

I contacted them to get pricing info for a Star Wars themed birthday party for my 5 yr old.  My contact person was Gowrie.  She responds quickly, is easy to work with and friendly.  The whole process was smooth and straight forward.  At the very last minute I decided to add one more character to my party and Gowrie was able to accommodate, super easy.  She's awesome!

The actors who came to our party surpassed by far all of our expectations.  We were so impressed with them, their costumes and manners and professionalism.  They were not only great actors but kept a big group of preschoolers engaged and entertained.  They treated the children well.  They were  professional, friendly and likable.  Everyone loved them.

I highly recommend them.

We had Captain America, Spider-Man and Wonder Woman at my son's 3rd birthday party this weekend and I felt I had to post a review. They knocked it out of the park. Gowrie was great and super easy with the booking, but even with all the rave reviews you worry when booking characters. Well, I can attest the reviews are all well deserved. These guys were fabulous!! They really engaged the kids and made the party!! Not only were the kids impressed (perhaps they're an easier audience), all the parents commented on how professional, fun and engaging our heroes were. 

Use these guys!! You'll be happy.

This review is long overdue.  We were not sure what to do for my son's  7th birthday.  Of course during the craze of  the Star Wars release and both my husband and son being huge fans it seemed the best idea to have a Star Wars theme birthday.  Everything was perfect &amp; ran smoothly.  Obi-Wan and Darth Vader showed up &amp; from the moment they began walking towards the house they were in full character!
The kids were entertained, it wasn't just a performance  but an interactive  show. Even the neighbors  came out to see. 

KEY POINTS
*Easy to book
*Reasonable price
*Arrived on time 
*Stayed character
*Interactive FUN Show
*Super professional

This was by far the best experience with this type of company. I know we have already been recommending them to everyone we know. There is no doubt in my mind that we will be using them again for other events in the future.

We had Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker at my nephew's 3rd birthday party and they were a huge hit! They had the kids attention for 1 hour and played Jedi games and entertained everyone including the adults. Everybody had a great time and we all loved them! thank you so much

We had a Harry Potter birthday party for our son and hired Harry and Ron.  They came early and made a great impression. They were able to entertain the 8 year olds at our party with fencing and quiddich games. They were amazing and stayed in character with great accents!  I am very impressed at the quality of the characters from this company as I have hired characters from other companies in the past and these ones are so much better! They really do entertain and impress!  Wonderful experience!

We had Spiderman for my son's 5th Birthday and everything was awesome. The booking process was very easy with Gowrie and they were very flexible with our requests. Spiderman was exactly on time and the kids loved him.

I am so happy with this company. After planning a very last minute bday party for my son, I was able to contact Gowrie and see if they had any Star Wars characters available. Luckily she helped me out and we were able to reserve Darth Vader and Luke! They were awesome! 

My son and his friends loved it. They had such a great time! They were engaged and even parents were into it! I would highly recommend Action Events LA!

My daughter (and my husband) wanted a Star Wars theme party for her 6th birthday. We're all very big fans on Star Wars so we were a little picky when it came to choosing the entertainment. Action Events LA came highly recommended by another Star Wars obsessed friend so we hired them (after a little side research-I'm Type A, what can I say?). Action Events LA was out of this galaxy! Gowrie at Action Events LA was easy to communicate with (entirely through email). The day of my daughter's party, the characters called me to let me know they were around the corner from the park. From the second they rounded the corner, they were in character! They had an amazing, interactive story and entertained around 30 kids for over an hour! They had a series of games, were quick on their feet (especially with the older kids who weren't as easy to convince) and ended the party with the Jedi Oath and my daughter opening a special treasure chest using the Force which contained light sabers for everyone (which we provided). The thing I liked most about Action Events LA was I asked for a less dramatic version of Star Wars (for the younger guests) while keeping authentic (for all the adult fans) and they pulled it off. Every family had something positive to say and some parents even said it was the best Star Wars characters they've ever seen. I think being a parent that lives in Los Angeles, that says it all!

We had Rey and Kilo and they rocked! My kids are still playing games they that they played with them at the party. They were so accommodating to soften their style for my 5-year old and her friends. Kilo was nice for her birthday because Rey used the force on him. Loved the whole experience. Couldn't be happier.

The entire process was amazing.  Gowrie was incredibly efficient setting everything up.  The characters showed up early and were really amazing for our Star Wars party.  It was much more than a characters showing up, singing songs, and taking pictures.  It was interactive, really fun, and my son felt like a king.  Obi Wan Kenobi and Kylo Ren were hilarious and really really talented.  Overall, a 10/10 from a person who is not easily satisfied.  Worth every penny.

We booked 3 Star Wars characters for my son's 4th birthday party and it was AMAZING.  The characters costumes were incredible - they seemed to be the same quality as actually used on the movie.    They kept all the kids totally engaged for the full hour and a half and gave my son an experience he will never forget.  I was so impressed with the characters and was very pleased with their professionalism and everything.  And not to mention dealing with Gowrie and the whole process leading up to the party was seamless and stress free.  Thank you!  I cannot recommend them enough for your events - for children or adults!

My money got me two high quality pirates and loads of entertainment and fun for my son's 4th birthday.  The "guys" as my son calls them really did a great job at keeping him focused and engaged.  The older kids absolutely loved it and could not stop talking about it afterwards.  The parents wanted to know where I found them :). It really was a good time for all.  I can tell you it would not have been as fun without them.

Just had our son Luke's 1st birthday party at the park, and we booked Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader for the kids' entertainment! I am very satisfied with the results and everyone said it was the coolest birthday party they've ever been to! My son Luke was not scared of Darth Vader at all and they were sooooo funny, the kids didn't stop laughing! Thank you guys for doing this! Great job!!

So amazing! The actors were so good with kids and the Rey and Kylo Ren costumes were perfect! I have nothing but nice things to say about this company!

We were looking for performers as close as the Disney experience! That's exactly what we got and more! Luke and Darth Vader were perfect. Everyone from the adults to kids were impressed by their performance. They were the hit of the party and kept the kids entertained the whole time. It was a surprise for my son's 5th birthday party and now he won't stop talking about how cool it was that darth and Luke showed up to his party! We will definitely be booking them again next year and recommend to anyone looking for performers. If you are hesitant in booking with them just do it! From the booking process to their punctuality you won't regret it.

I just want to write a note of thanks for yesterday's party.  The ninjas were AMAZING - all of the parents were impressed with them.  They were funny and energetic, kept the kids engaged and just all around rocked it.  The birthday boy felt so special and the space was perfect.  We had a blown out tire on the way to the studio and the event coordinator, Gowrie and the ninjas worked around our hiccup and still managed to keep everyone entertained until we got there and even made a way for the birthday boy to make a grand entrance.  Thank you, thank you for all of your help in putting this special day together for him.  We would recommend action events LA and the swordplay studio to all of our friends!

Gowrie and "Anna &amp; Elsa" made my daughter's 4th birthday her best one yet. Her friends were absolutely enchanted and even the adults said it was one of the first birthday parties where it wasn't chaotic but actually very enjoyable. The entertainment was amazing and my daughter is still talking about it. We will be celebrating her 5th bday with Action Events - no question!

Captain Hook and Peter Pan joined my son's birthday party and were AMAZING.   They kept 19 kids engaged and enthralled (ages 3-11) during their show and scavenger hunt.   They were also entertaining for the adults with their improv skills and incorporating the day/events/crowd.   Gowrie
was very professional and prompt in all of our coordinating of the day -  really great from start to finish!

As always and second year in a row I am astounded at the professionalism and the pride your actors take when they arrive and put on their show.  I am a life time patron of Action Events LA.  Anyone looking for actors or characters contact them and set it up right away.  I set my son's party up two to three weeks in advance.  The morning of I wanted to push back the party an hour later.  I contact Action Events and with in minutes she had it done for me.  I am beyond pleased.  My daughter is almost two and I will being planning more parties with Action Events. Thanks again for a great party.  And for all you dad's, I think I get more excited seeing the look on my kids face then they get excited having the characters show up. Well worth every penny and more.

I love this company!!  I first found them when I was looking for Star Wars characters for my daughter's 6th birthday.  We had Padme, Luke Skywalker and Darth Vadar.  My daughter is a Star Wars freak so I was really surprised when she began to cry at the sight of Darth Vadar.  Both Padme and Luke were able to talk her down and defeat Darth and bring him back to the good side.  Her face lit up when she received the special Jedi medallion they had for her.

I also love this company because they have a Jedi Summer Camp.  My daughter was in heaven the whole time.  Normally when I drop my daughter off somewhere I get some tears, or "but Mom I'll miss you."  Not here.  When I dropped her off she waived goodbye with a smile on her face.  She can't wait to go to Jedi Camp again.  We live in West Hills, that's not close to Burbank.  But she loved it so much I would happily make that drive again.

We booked The Ninja Turtles Leonardo and Donatello for our sons 4th birthday party on December 20th and all I have to say is everyone had a blast. The experience from the beginning was good from when I booked to following up with me the week before the party.
 The kids loved it the Ninja Turtles were awesome. They arrived on time and I even received a courtesy call to let me know they  had arrived. They were very professional and did a great job with the kids.  They were very patient with the little ones and the ones that weren't following instructions. They did a fantastic job staying in character I seriously felt as if I was dealing with the true Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. My son loved it and said it was the BEST party ever. I was very pleased with their service they had everyone even the adults entertained and made the party great. I would totally recommend Action Events and rehire them for my son's next birthday party. I had some of the guests that were here asking me for the information as they are interested to hire for their kids birthday party, just comes to show how much everyone enjoyed it THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!

A Star Wars themed Jedi party at a Fencing Studio was really unique!

SwordPlay Fencing Studio was the setting for a birthday party for our friend's son who was turning five years old.   When we walked in the warehouse/studio one of the SwordPlay instructors was dressed as Luke Skywalker.  After all the kids arrived Luke took some time to talk to the kids and explain the Jedi dos and don'ts.  The Jedi light saber birthday party is a good way for young kids to learn the art of fencing in a really fun format.

When Darth Vader appeared through the door in full costume I think that had everyone's attention.   The kids and adults were entertained as Luke and Darth interacted and then they instructed the kids on various things.  Once they had gone through the safety instruction the kids were given their own light sabers.  I think the instructors did a great job because I didn't witness one mishap.   There was one rascally little kid who walked toward me and was acting like he was going to hit me over the head with his light saber, but he changed his mind thank goodness.

If my son was five years old I would definitely think about having a birthday party here.  Heck, I wouldn't mind taking a few fencing classes here myself.

We had three Power Rangers for my daughter's 5th birthday and they were AMAZING! The kids had a blast. The adults were riveted. And, the three Samurais were so incredibly easy and helpful. I can't say enough about them... I will hire them every year from now on:-)

Wow!!! This entertainment company is the best I had a jake and capitan hook party.   Both characters swept my audience off their feet every parent and kid we're amazed by the entertainment of these two characters definitely made my party the party of the year

This is our second year with a party featuring ActionEvents LA performers. Last year was Darth Maul &amp; Anakin. This year Darth Vader and Luke (Jordan). It was perfect from start to finish. The actors are such pros, they know exactly how to engage the kids - how to soothe the nervous ones and calm the sugared up/overexcited ones. The parents were charmed and the kids were riveted. 

Personally, I'm hoping my son is still into Star Wars next year because it's a complete sure-bet for the perfect party.

The guys were amazing. A complete interactive show that held the kids attention and had all of them hysterical for the entire hour. I would highly recommend!

The previous reviews do not lie....these guys are fabulous!  Hired 2 ninja to entertain the kids for an hour and a half at my son's ninth birthday party.  From start to finish, they were professional, funny, and put on a great show for the kids.  Both the kids and adults were completely mesmerized by their performance.  You definitely get your money's worth (and more).  My son got an honorary medal for "defeating" one of the ninja in a fencing battle.  The theatrics were fine for the older kids, but some of the little ones in attendance (i.e., 5-6 year olds) were a bit intimidated and didn't participate.  That was okay with me.  I expected that, but just a tip that the longer performance is better suited for older kids.  

I've seen so many types of kids party entertainment over the years and this was by far, the highest-quality and most professional I have ever experienced.  The ninja were dressed authentically from head to toe.  They arrived early and started their performance exactly on time.  This was a huge relief for me.  LIke I said, they are extremely professional.

I recommend them highly and can understand why they receive consistently stellar reviews.  One of the parents told me that she was so impressed that she was planning to hire them for her son's next party.

Thanks so much, Action Events LA!  You were the highlight of the party and made my son's birthday a day to truly remember.

I have been meaning to write a review for a while. My son's bday was in April and we had two ninja turtles come to our event and they were awesome!! They arrived a bit late which they called ahead of time to let us know but made up for it with more time at the end which was so nice. They put on a great and interactive show with the kiddos and made my son feel extra special on his birthday. Great all around and received so many compliments on how great the entertainment was from our party guests. It was so fun!!

I couldn't have been more blown away by the two knights that came to my son's 6th birthday party. They were professional, kept the children's attention the entire time, had the adults laughing and kept the party rolling.
My son is really into knights and the whole medieval world and these two absolutely brought it to life for him. My son can sometimes melt back into a crowd and the knights did a great job of making sure it was his special day, while also involving all of his friends too!
Couldn't give a higher recommendation!!!

Jack and Wiley's park birthday party was a huge hit thanks to obi-wan, princess lea and of course Darth Vader! Twenty, five year olds were kept entertained and in awe for over an hour. So professional, so funny and great fun for the kids and adults. The costumes were great. So much more than we had ever hoped for! Thank you so much!

My friend and I were planning our sons'  joint birthday party when I saw a segment on a local program featuring the studio.  I looked up the site, emailed Gowrie and voila "Jedi Academy" would welcome in our sons' 6th and 7th birthdays. 

The day arrived and Matt and Dustin -- excuse me, Hans Solo and Darth Vader -- showed up and the rest is sure to be a large part of our boys' history.  These two professionals not only get into character, I saw them practicing their sword fighting in our driveway, they actually like kids and are stellar with them.  The adults were as rapt by the performance as the kids because Hans and Darth threw in antics for our amusement too.  

After taking their Jedi Oath, the boys were wielding sabers and exhausting themselves (exhausting kids is the goal of every children's party I throw) running around our living room and yard.  There were two scraped knees (there has to be a little blood and a bump or two or it isn't a party)  and every kid left smiling and sweaty.  These folks are professionals and assure a fun time for all.

So the day was amazing.  Today was my son's 6th birthday party.  I booked Ash and Misty.  They were great and kept the kids entertained.  I think it was the best money spent on a birthday for him.  He loved it and so did all 15 of the kids.  Even the parents enjoyed it.  Thank you very much.

I've done a lot of birthday parties for my kids and this one was the BEST! Action Swordplay was easy to set up with and affordable. Our instructors TJ and Heather were perfect with the kids and made the event a real hit.

All of the kids were included and made to feel special. I had a blast fencing and am going back to take a class, it was a great work out.

The next birthday party will me MINE!!! Great job, thanks.

Found and hired 2 Power Rangers (Red and Yellow) for my b/g twins' 5th birthday party in January, from this company. The correspondence with Gowrie arranging the characters was always professional and prompt. The day of the party, I met with the Red Ranger (not in costume yet) outside the house and briefly chatted about what's going on at the house. The two appeared right on scheduled time and they were so great, engaging the kids and making them (and us!) laugh and keeping them busy. My kids want to have the come back again for their next birthday!!

We gave our son's a 5th and 9th Birthday party TMNT and found Action Events thru google.  We booked Ninja Turtles Leonardo and Donatello and I must say they did an amazing job!  The kids and the adults were so entertained.  They were on time and very nice to everyone.  The best part was that they were definitely in character from entrance to ending.  They were able to manage 20 or more kids without a problem.  They made our party Turtle-ly Awesome and the kids will remember them forever!!!  Thank you Gowrie for coordinating and the Action Events LA TMNT team!

We just moved to our neighborhood two weeks ago and I needed to plan my 4yo son's birthday party. He is really into Jake and the Neverland Pirates, so we hired two pirates from Action Events. The booking was so easy.  Gowrie asked all the right questions and made sure the guys knew that Lincoln loved Jake.  They added tidbits of facts and details from Jake into their story line.  It was FLAWLESS!  Tony and Jason were our pirates and I am certain we got the A team.  They were so professional, easy going, and absolutely amazing with the kids.  They captivated each and every guest from age 2 to age 42.  The adults could have sat back and had conversation the whole time, but many of us were so caught up in the entertainment, we joined in on the fun.  The kids were cracking up and entertained the entire time.  We had the party at our neighborhood park and they commanded the space, had the kids all over the place.  It was pirate birthday party madness!  Lincoln, the birthday boy, was convinced they were real pirates.  

I was in a jam... just moved... in over my head in boxes... had a party to plan in less than a week... and with one phone call my entire party worries disappeared.  Truly I put all my eggs in one basket, and it was the RIGHT basket!  Thank you Gowrie!  And thank you Jason &amp; Tony!  (I mean Cashew and Captain Greenbean!)  Lincoln will remember this his entire life. I'm certain of it!

Went to a Jedi Party at the location.  The place was INCREDIBLY hot.  It was a converted garage decked out with fake bricks and shields etc.  Strangely they even had what looked like a real sword at the door that my child tried to grab on the way out that made me nervous.  

The guys were really nice and really in character, but had a LONNNNG banter that was much too long for any four year old's party.  My suggestion is to consider the age and change script appropriately.  Also, one of the guys told the birthday boy (jokingly) that he was going to "steal his cake" and that made the little dude cry.  Again, age appropriate issue.

Anyway really cool guys and a great party, but probably better if had at a private party rather than in their chamber of heat.

We had four Star Wars performers for a school assembly.  The performers were punctual, professional, and they handled a large group of kids with ease.  The act included plenty of kid-participation and excellent humor.  190 satisfied customers here!

These guys were awesome!  The kids had the best time!  They showed up on time and were very pleasant to deal with.  We had ninja turtles Mikey, Leo, and April came too!  The costumes were great, they stayed in character the whole time, and they put on a great show even though they had to perform in 90 degree weather. Would definitely hire them again and recommend to people!

These guys are amazing! I booked two ninjas for a six-year-old's birthday party and they entertained the kids for a solid, action-packed hour. The costumes were professional and these guys were obviously trained in martial arts. Either that or they were freakishly athletic. They were prompt and good at coordinating the ninja "surprise" attack. The only slightly negative thing was they had a comedy bit about beheadings (and they WERE dressed exactly like ISIS terrorists) and all the parents were like, "Yikes!" so maybe they should revise their routine to fit current times. Overall, it was excellent entertainment and value.

hired pirates for my son's 4th. They were amazing ! Interactive , got the kids involved. was on time. And they were pretty handsome too !

We had Darth Vader and Obi Wan come to my son's 5th birthday party and it was awesome!  The kids AND the adults loved it.  Everyone was into it, and the two actors did a great job...both funny and exciting.  I would totally recommend Action Events LA.  Best birthday show I've seen, and I've seen a lot.

"Best. Party. Ever." That's what my 6-year-old daughter said half-way through her Indiana Jones birthday party today. We decided to have our party at the Swordplay LA studio and it was great. Easy to get in and set-up and even easier to clean up and just go home when you're done. The actors were GREAT. We had Indiana Jones and the Cairo Swordsman (who stole the show.) But both guys were fantastic and the kids loved the. Booking the party was a piece of cake thanks to Gowrie. We did it all via email and her instructions made the party a breeze. All the kids had a blast. I highly recommend having a treasure hunt at the end of the party. The kids loved that. We plan to be back next year.

A Knight and a Dragon Princess came for my niece and nephew's birthday party and they were great!

For one whole hour, they entertained the kids, did the games, performed a sworfight did a skit... Even though they had to improvise due to the sudden appearance of wind and rain. "to the castle!" said the knight.

Only the bigger kids were able to enjoy the entertainment fully... The younger ones were busy with the building blocks. Which is cool coz then ALL the kids were entertained last night!

You provide the "treasure" or the party favors and they'll provide the treasure hunt!

It was a bit pricier than the other entertainment, but they were there for a full hour and there were two of them.

Costumes were amazing, the accent was cool, there were enough references to keep the older people entertained too!

They arrived on time and allowed for photo opportunities.

We had the best birthday party thanks to the action events team. Our son had his 5th birthday party and we wanted to have a superheroes theme that was appropriate for the pre-K crowd. Batman and Spider-Man showed up and fully entertained out twenty pint sized guests (and made me laugh throughout their whole skit). I fully recommend the Action Events team

I called Action Events fairly last minute ( a few days before our party) to set up a Jake and the Neverland Pirates visit.  The booking was easy and the two characters came on time and were very entertaining.  They played games with the kids and culminated the afternoon in a treasure hunt for which I provided goodies.  The parents were also entertained and wanted to hang around them instead of socializing.  I found them to be extremely professional and one of a kind.  Most guests commented that these were the best pirate characters they had ever seen at a party.  Thank you Action Events for making my son's special day extra special.

This was (as quoted by my 5 year old twins) the "Best birthday party ever!" thanks to Obi-Wan and Anakin's stellar performance at their Jedi training academy party this past weekend.

We had about 24 4/5/6 year olds and they really catered their performance to be playful, silly and amusing for all the kids (and parents).  They allowed me to actually enjoy a birthday party because it was in their hands for an hour!

They made the birthday boys feel special and still managed to make all the kids feel like they were a part of the show.

Worth every penny and more!  Will definitely use them again in the future!

Action Events LA did it again! I have used this group 4 times on different occasions within the last 12 months. Never gets old. At our Independence Day picnic last year, our guests were treated to a swordfight between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader. In October of 2014, pirates were a big  hit at our networking meeting for healthcare professionals from the South Bay, Long Beach, Los Angeles and more.  This year, our Independence Day barbecue was again  invaded by pirates much to the delight of our seniors, their adult children, the grandchildren and the great grandchildren. Next year's event is already in the planning stages. And yes, Action Events will be part of it again.

Had a Star Wars party for my four year old son yesterday. All i can say is money well spent! Luke was awesome with the kids. At first i was a little worried cause it was like herding cats but Luke had them enthralled and listening within minutes. Then Darth or dad as Luke called him showed up. He was great too! I dont know how he survived in the heat but he was a champ! Ill never forget the look on my sons face as he truly beleived he was using the force to protect his friends. I can't say enough abt them, great job!

We went to a ninja birthday party this weekend, with a group of approximately 20 6-8 year olds.  It was one the best parties I've ever been to.  The ninjas were impressively athletic, and extremely entertaining for kids and adults.  We saw awesome fighting skills.  The activities were fun for all ages and skill levels and filled a decent chunk of time.  I can't comment on the price, since I was just a guest, but I would be willing to pay a few limbs for this kind of entertainment.  Now I'm thinking about hiring these ninjas to officiate my wedding, that has to be legal in California, right?

We just did a birthday party at the park for our 7 yr old son and all the kids at the party LOVED the Ninja Turtles, even the girls. They were very entertained and the birthday boy said it was the best birthday ever and he'll always remember it. My husband and I are very pleased and look forward to working with Action Events LA next time.

It's always difficult to determine what is a wise financial "must" for birthday parties! Parents can go over the top and spend a months salary for a two hour event or pinch pennies and have bored kids! My advise ..... Skip the cake make your guests sit on the ground just don't forego action events la! My son had a cowboy party and our "cowboys" we're above and beyond! They were funny entertaining engaging and worth every penny! I don't do reviews unless I'm greatly impressed and here it is! Thanks for a great day actioneventsla

We held our sons 8th birthday party there -   Minecraft theme.  The two actors working the party were just wonderful - never broke character and did their very best to keep everybody engaged and involved.  As a parent there is just nothing better than seeing your kid having that much fun.  Highly recommend them!

We booked Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker from Action Events for my son's sixth birthday party. They kept the kids thoroughly entertained the entire time.  The characters were clever and funny; had amazing costumes and were able to wrangle 18 kids and keep everyone engaged.  They were a HUGE hit, and I'd definitely use them again!

This review is for performance held at my kids' birthday party held on 12/17/11. I know it's super late to post this review...

We planned on having the entertainment done in our backyard but due to unexpected rain we moved inside the house. Although it got very chaotic, TJ and the "dragon princess" (I forgot her name =/) were able to handle the kids. They were SO AWESOME and I couldn't thank them enough for being spontaneous on everything! Not only the kids but the adults also enjoyed watching them and participating with their little games. I didn't get to watch everything but heard a lot of great feedbacks from our guests (not a single complaint). I would definitely recommend your company to others. Also, I may have a pirate themed party in the future therefore I will most likely hire you guys again!

We love love love the pirates this weekend. They did an amazing job! So much more than we expected. My son can't stop talking about them. Actually everyone can't stop talking about them.  They stayed in character the whole time. AMAZING

I am looking forward to working with you guys again next year. The force is strong with Action Events.

This is an amazing company.  We had 3 Star Wars characters come for our son's 6th birthday party.  The character actors were engaging, patient and professional with a large group of kids.  They all had an amazing time.  The service was also reasonably priced and the communication was stellar.  I highly recommend them.

Another stellar review for this fantastic company! We had Luke Skywalker, Obi Wan, and a Clone Trooper this past weekend for my son's 6th birthday party, and they were absolutely amazing. These guys kept 30 kindergarteners COMPLETELY entertained for an hour, and the kids STILL wanted more. I've seen my share of birthday party characters over the years, and these guys are truly top notch. Not only is the talent great, but Gowrie's communication is always prompt and professional. No need to look any further, Action Events is the go to company for party entertainment.

Thanks to Swordplay, my son had an absolutely unforgettable 8th birthday party!

We chose the Star Wars themed fencing party at the studio, on April 27, and great fun was had by all for the entire hour-and-a-half of awesome training and games.  As performers, both Obi Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader (who made a thrilling surprise entrance) were fun, humorous, and excellent performers and fencing teachers.  All of the birthday guests were rapt throughout the party, and simply had so much fun.  I need to mention that Gowrie, the event planner, made the whole thing so easy to organize as well.  Thank you!

I highly recommend this great place, with amazing performers, without hesitation. 

Thank you very much to all at Swordplay!

We held our son's 5th birthday party with Superman, Batman, and Spiderman this past weekend at the Swordplay studio.  The performers were professional and were superb in their performances and also with the kids.  From start to end, the superheroes had our group of kids fully engaged and entertained.  The adults also thoroughly enjoyed the show.  Many of the guests commented that the party was by far the best--all thanks to the wonderful antics and show put on by the performers. Booking was simple and all information was communicated quickly and clearly.  Their prices are very reasonable.  Overall, this company is a pleasure to work with.

I had the party of the year thanks to the Ninjas! They were AWESOME. I loved how they pointed out the birthday boy. These guys are professional and very talented! I am very happy with their performance and will definitely book them for next yr.!

We had a Jedi Training party for my son's 5th birthday party and the kids are still talking about it. They had so much fun.  We had Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader perform.  They were very funny, telling jokes that the adults were able to enjoy (including asking me, the birthday boy's Mom, if I've ever gone to the Dark Side because once you go to the Dark Side, you  never go back) and then also silly jokes for the little ones (think fart type jokes).  And Darth Vader wasn't too scary, so none of the kids were afraid.

The kids learned how to be Jedi's and then challenged Darth Vader to decide who would win the treasure once it was found.  It was cute. It was all the kids against Darth Vader: who could make the best wookie noises &amp; who could win at Yoda Says (Simon says).  When the kids won, Darth Vader had to give his special medallion to the birthday boy (which later allowed him to open the treasure chest that they hunted for after receiving several clues).  

The treasure chest was filled with toy lightsabers that I provided for the kids and each child received one, and then were trained how to use them.  Then, they lined up and tried out their new moves on Darth Vader. They had a blast!  Then, the characters even stayed around to sing happy birthday while we did the birthday cake, and to pose for photos with all the kids.  

It was a little pricey, but definitely worth the memories that were created that day!  My son is still wearing his special medalion and thinks that it has special powers to make him strong and I'm getting messages from all the parents daily about how much fun everyone had.

They really did a great job and I would highly recommend them.

Just had my sons 5th birthday party at a small park.  Luke &amp; Darth Vader were amazing!!! I was so impressed with them. Kept the kids entertained for an hour and a half!! Made us adults laugh so much.  Everyone had a blast! My son said it was the best Bday party ever:)  Highly recommend Action Events!! I will be using them again!!

The Knights that you sent to my son's 5th Knight and Princess Birthday Party were amazing. All of the kids were entertained, the adults commented on how they were the best characters they had ever seen at a kids Birthday Party. They kept in character the whole time, their outfits were AMAZING (thank you for coordinating with our colors) and they were hilarious. Everyone had the best time... so THANK YOU! They kept about 50-60 kids entertained for 1 1/2 hours. Not an easy thing to do. Gowrie was also great to work with.

Yes, yes, yes!! Book them now. ASAP. They sent two power rangers to my 5 year old's birthday party and I couldn't fathom how they would keep 30 kids entertained for 90 minutes. But - they did! From their grand entrance searching out the birthday boy, to their sword fight, to training the kids to become Power Rangers, I could not have asked for better entertainment. The prices are very reasonable and Gowrie is awesome and super helpful in making sure you get exactly what you want. Book them now! You won't regret it.

My son LIVES AND BREATHES Star Wars, so when it came time for his 5th birthday party, we had an all-out SW bonanza!  Having Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader come was a surprise and my son was overjoyed!!!!  They kept fifteen 5 year-olds (and their parents) entertained and engaged.  They took them on a treasure hunt and my son was able to use his Jedi powers to open the special treasure chest.  They posed for pictures, stayed for cake and were simply awesome!  Thank you so much for making my son's day!!!!

Another 5 star review for these guys and if there was an option I'd give them more! We had Superman and Spider-Man for my five year old sons bday and they were AWESOME, they came right on time and captivated and entertained the kids from start to finish while us adults were able to enjoy ourselves together. Booking through their office was easy and smooth as well all through email. I highly recommend these guys they are really great! We will be using them with different characters for next years party:)

This review is LONG overdue!  My little girl turned 6 this year and she loves medieval knights and swords.  Pretty cool if you ask me! (Sorry, but no more Frozen parties!) Bouncy houses only entertain so much, so I thought I should find performers this time around.  Medieval knights aren't all that easy to find- at least ones who look and play the part well.  Let me tell you, these knights are legit! They captured the kids' attention from the very start, they're hilarious, they never broke character and they made each kid feel like they got their very own experience.  Moms were all too happy to see handsome men sword fighting while the dads were all to happy that their kids were entertained for a full hour.  It's now been two months since our party and we still receive compliments on how exciting and entertaining our party was.  Get in contact with Gowrie.... fantastic customer service, quick correspondence and professionalism... you won't be disappointed with Action Events!

My son's birthday party was this past Saturday.  Duke and Snake Eyes from G.I. Joe came out and they were amazing!!!!!!!!! Duke was in command of the kids the entire time.  Snakes Eyes was incredible, he was in character the whole time! I was screaming like a little kid.  They came out and taught the kids how to fence.  Most people have never, never seen this before at a birthday party and were so excited.  I too learned how to fence!  Everyone was totally impressed.  We had people from a block or two a way come over to watch the fencing. A grand ole time.  I have no idea how to add photos.. sorry

Had a birthday party for my 6 year old, star wars theme. It was fantastic! The men who played the Luke skywalker &amp; darth vader were funny, great with the kids, excellent fencing demo (with lightsabers). The costumes were top notch. The guy who played Luke looks JUST LIKE young Mark Hamill, maybe even a bit cuter. The space was a great party space, lots of places to sit and tables for food, bathroom right in room, so no escorting kids. I'm not good with reviews but I would recommend SwordPlay anytime! 

One small complaint was it was very warm in the space, this was May. There was a small A/C unit but did very little... Probably not a good place in the heat of summer, but the space has large garage type doors that could be open which might help. Not a big enough of a negative to take a star away though. 

I felt so bad for the Darth Vader he must have been roasting, but he was totally professional never out of character!

I hired two swordsmen/pirates to put on a show in the midst of a play I wrote for a party.  Without much of a rehearsal, they stepped in and did an amazing job.  It was an all women party and they flirted with the girls, made jokes, and filled their sword fight with action.  It was such a rousing success that they have been demanded for this year's party too (Arabian Nights theme this time around).

I've read other reviews that say they are a bit "pricey" but my response is, you get what you pay for and quite simply, this outfit is awesome.  Also, these are real stuntman and women and dealing with danger (the swords may be dulled but they aren't fake).  It's worth every penny to see these guys in action.  

I highly recommend this group for anyone who wants to add action, humor, and spectacle to their party or event!

We had Action Events LA By Swordplay come out for our Captain America Party and we are so happy we did! Action Events truly raises the bar for party entertainment. This was not just a guy in a consume, this was pure entertainment for all of the kids age 4-10 and the adults.  I HIGHY recommend you check them out for your next party!!

Swordplay provided Luke Skywalker and Darth Maul to our son's 4th birthday party this weekend (02/02/13) and they were truly amazing!  Both characters had the group of 4-5 year olds in hysterics a lot of the time and they knew just how to keep them engaged for the one hour long performance, which included Jedi training skills; treasure hunt and a professional lightsaber battle!  I whole heartedly recommend them!

I've hired Obi Wan and Darth Vader twice, once for my 40th birthday party, and again for my 7 year old son's birthday. They are that great, and deserve repeat business. They were cracking up everyone at both parties, as they are not only action, but comedy also! Their swordsmanship is top notch. It's like having a medieval times type of show at your house or party venue. I will likely hire them again with different characters to mix it up a bit as they have quite a selection to choose from.

This was the BEST IDEA EVER, I had a ninja turtle party for my sons 5th birthday, The show was spectacular, the ninja turtles kept the whole party entertained. THIS WAS THE BEST PARTY EVER I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ACTION EVENTS TO EVERYONE. My son had a blast thank you so much.

We booked BATMAN &amp; THE JOKER for our sons 4th Birthday party! They did an awesome job. Our son is very shy and the characters did an awesome job by adjusting their act to fit our son and the rest of the kids. We couldnt be happier with this company and the services that were provided. Everyone, including the adults, had a blast!

I couldn't be happier! Princess Leia and Darth Vader stopped by our birthday party and kept 15 kids ages 3-5 entertained for an hour. The parents seemed to enjoy the show just as much, if not more, than the kids. The interactions between the performers were great, they were professional and seemed to enjoy themselves.
The games they arranged for the kids were fun and age appropriate. The sword fight was exciting and the kids all got to take turns fighting the characters. I loved that they stayed to sing Happy Birthday and take pictures with everyone! I would hire them again in a heart beat!

We used Action Events yesterday for my son's 6th and daughter's 4th birthday party. It was a block party with a Star Wars Carnival theme, so when I found this company I thought it would be the perfect addition to our party. I was right! These guys were AMAZING! I am a pretty tough critic, but I can't find any complaints at all. They arrived early and the performer who was acting as Darth Vader (not sure of his actual name) came first dressed as himself and scoped out the party in order to find a location to hide the treasure box. He got the lightsabers from me and we arranged when I would have all of the children into the backyard so that they could make their entrance. Obi Wan arrived first and he was engaging right away. The children were really engaged and thought he was a real Jedi. Darth Vader arrived on the side of the house and I am still not sure how Darth Maul arrived as all of a sudden I see him sitting in the audience, but I know that he did not come from the front as we would have seen him. The show itself was AWESOME and seemed to last quite awhile. Afterward, they took the kids on the treasure hunt and then taught them some Jedi moves with their lightsabers. Luckily, our backyard is very shaded, but once we were in the front, I know that they guys had to be melting--especially Vadar, but they were all SO gracious posing for several pictures. I finally gave them water and sent them on their way, before they continued to get surrounded for more pictures. I cannot recommend them enough and if we ever have another party that we could incorporate this company--we definitely will. Also, Gowrie was wonderful to work with and very professonal. Thank you, Action Events for helping to make our party a HUGE success!

I hired 3 Super Heroes from Sword Play for my son's 4th birthday party. They were AMAZING and exceeded my expectations. Planning with Swordplay was very easy - top notch professionals with great customer service all around. I got everything I asked for.
The event itself was a hit. The Super Heroes arrived at the party promptly. They were really easy to talk to, highly spirited with great attitudes and they really took charge. As a parent a bit nervous about throwing a big party, this was a great comfort. The Super Heroes were able to handle 25+ kids easily keeping everyone fully entertained, including all the girls. The Super Heroes even stayed later to sing Happy Birthday with my son. Sword Play was key to making my son's 4th birthday party a success.  My son and his friends had a blast!!!

We had two ninjas come to my 5 year old's birthday party and they were great.  Totally in character (even on approach to the party - they had to walk a ways), engaging for the kids, and entertaining for the adults.  I would definitely not say it was cheap, but worth the money for the enjoyment my son and his friends got out of it.

Best birthday party venue.
Great for 9 year olds.
The ninjas were fantastic and kept the kids busy.

We hired an amazing team of superheroes (spiderman, captain America and Batman) for our  sons fourth birthday party.  Wow! They truly made the party a smashing success! My son was elated! He and my daughter spent at least 45 minutes talking about how much fun they had, and how funny batman was.  The guys had the children completely engaged for about an hour, laughing and playing along. They are so believable, my son (4) and daughter (6) are convinced they were the real deal.  We're super happy and will use them again without a doubt!! The whole process starting with the booking and ending with the performance was absolutely seamless! Very professional and worth every penny. Impressive enough to make me write my first yelp review ever :)

We had Batman, Spiderman, and Batgirl come for our son's 6-year old birthday in a park.  They were FANTASTIC!  Hilarious, kept the kids (and adults) thoroughly entertained for an hour.  The superheroes were total pros and really seemed to enjoy doing it.  Highly recommended!!

I hired Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker for my son's 6th birthday from Action Events LA by Swordplay and they were a hit!  They held 15 boys attention for the entire hour - which is not an easy feat. The kids had a great time and the parents enjoyed watching as well. I'd recommend them for any kids birthday parties!

We just had our son's birthday party at the studio in Feb 17th.. The ages ranged from 5-8, boys and girls.. It was absolutely FABULOUS!  I have never seen soo many parents taking pictures at a birthday party before... Except when they came to our home a few years ago for my daughter's party!  The parents and kids are still talking about the party and how much fun it was.  We had Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader. Fun, fun, fun for boys and girls!  Everything was as promised, on time, friendly, helpful, and must of all fun!  Thanks Swordplay for another memorable birthday!

Couldn't have gone better for my son's 5th superhero birthday at Action Events L.A. The entire experience completely freaked him out...in the best way possible. Thanks, guys. We had high expectations, and you somehow managed to exceed them.

