Wonderful experience working with Melanie and Bella Blooms for my wedding!!  Melanie is professional, warm, and quick to respond via email....that's actually solely how I communicated with her from the months leading up to my wedding until I pulled up with my fiancé to pick up our floral designs.  

Melanie came in under budget, was great about helping us pack everything in the SUV for the trip to Temecula, and provided tips to keep the flowers fresh for the next day.  Our day-of coordinator at the venue (and everyone I spoke to at our wedding!) was so complimentary of our flowers and how well they held up....that is truly a testament to Melanie and her talent!  Pictures to follow soon!

This is a fantastic florist.  I dropped by Valentines morning to pick up a bouquet for my wife, not realizing it was appointments only.  Despite being incredibly busy with pre-orders and not built for walk-ins, Melanie was super gracious and made up something beautiful.  My wife loved it.  Melanie is a perfectionist who clearly loves her craft.   This would be my only choice in Anaheim.

Seriously the best!!! you will not be disappointed! I placed a call to Melanie fifteen minutes before 10am and her voicemail said you could text her for a quicker response (Even Better!!). so I texted her and within a few minutes she responded. I told her what I was looking for with a picture and a brief description of my best friend (since the flowers were for her). 

What I was mostly impressed by was the  communication I had with her! I've used other florist and NEVER have they sent me a picture of the arrangement before I even paid. 

an hour after placing my original text to Melanie she sent me a picture of the arrangement and informed me she had emailed the invoice to me. I was able to pay without a hassle.

oh but wait, (yes, there is more) she texted me once she delivered them!!!!! I've always wished that florist would let you know once they were delivered. Ahhh and Melanie did it without me even asking. Now that's customer satisfaction at your finest!! 

I placed my order without having to talk to Melanie which was convenient to me since I was at work! I loved the arrangement she created and most importantly so did my best friend!! thank you Melanie!!!

Melanie was nothing short of AMAZING to work with. She really understood the look I was going for and she was very patient with my moms several requests for the floral designs for my wedding. :) From the start, she was extremely efficient, always responsive to emails, and will work with making the most out of your budget. 

I've had many people comment on how lovely my flowers were. I usually thought that was something guests didn't really notice at a wedding, myself included. But people sure noticed Melanie's work. She got my color scheme spot on and I adored my bridal bouquet (I sent her a few images and requested a loose bouquet look) and she also drew inspiration from my bridal gown. 

I would recommend Bella Blooms in a heartbeat to anyone. If you want someone who understands your vision, reliable, very sweet to work with, extremely responsive and efficient, and provides the best of the best floral arrangements, she is your gal!!

Thank you Melanie and Bella Blooms!!!!

Bella Blooms is the best!  Melanie created exactly what I wanted for my flowers centerpieces for my rehearsal dinner (I love love blush pink Dahlia and she was able to get it for me!).

She was extremely professional and quick to respond to texts and emails. She is also extremely friendly and very easy to work with. I picked up my flowers and it looked beautiful - see pictures :) It was an overall great experience working with Melanie! I would recommend her to everyone!!

Melanie was the absolute best to work with! I was pretty scatter-brained at our first meeting from spending way too much time on pinterest but she completely captured my vision and made it come to life. She loves what she does and it totally shows in her work... I peeked out at the set up on the day of my wedding a couple of times and each time found Melanie and her sweet husband placing arrangements here and there and spraying the flowers with water bottles totally in their zone. The florals were stunning and so fresh, they lasted for two full weeks after the wedding! Thank you Melanie, you made my wedding absolutely perfect.

Melanie did some centerpieces for an event we hosted at work and they were beautiful.  I was searching for a great florist that would turn my wedding reception vision into reality without breaking the bank... Melanie made that happen for us!

Her styling is beautifully artful and creative. 

I had her incorporate shotgun shells and rhinestones and the results were stunning!

I also asked her to incorporate my husband's father's wedding band into my husband's boutonniere.  The result was simple but impactful!

I would work with Bella Blooms and Melanie every time I need florals!!!

How lovely!!  Completely by text, I got the most beautiful flowers delivered to my friend at the hospital.  They are seriously so gorgeous and the process was so easy!!  Thank you so so so much!!!

So I wanted to send my wife roses for our anniversary and I needed a business that was close to her work and would deliver the roses on time, without the hassle.    I called Bellas Blooms and got a voicemail saying to text if I wanted to get a hold of someone.  

I'm a fan of texting (esp. when people text back). Melanie texted me back within a few minutes and we began the process.  Within minutes she had answered my questions, I'd given all the info she needed and she sent the invoice to my email and the transaction was complete.  

The next morning (delivery date) She'd texted me a photo of the roses arrangement and I was most pleased.  She delivered the roses to my wife's office and everyone was happy, my wife especially.  

I've never spoken to Melanie or anyone at Bellas Blooms but business got done with ease and professionalism and that just tickled me because I knew it could be done, you just have to find people who 'get it'  

I rarely Yelp anymore but this was worth the few minutes to let people know that Bellas Blooms are about their business and whomever Melanie is, keep up the good service!  

Cheers!

Bella blooms was the perfect choice for my wedding florals! Melanie nailed my vision and was super friendly and accommodating. My bouquet was beyond perfect and every other detail was more than I hoped for. Thanks Melanie for beautifying my wedding day. I will definitely refer you and will be using you again in the future!

My friend recommended this florist to me, and Melanie did a great job!! Loved everything from the bouquets to the centerpieces to the garland. The colors were so bright and vivid, it all matched up perfectly to my theme and my venue. Plus Melanie is super easy to work with, and so patient! I mean I changed my mind a lot, and had tons of questions! Definitely recommend!

Melanie knows what she's doing! I knew from our first meeting that she understood what I had envisioned my floral arrangements to be. Come wedding day, she delivered our personal bouquets to the hotel and I was in awe of how amazing my bridal bouquet turned out to be. All my bridesmaids loved theirs too. When we walked into our venue (Nixon Library), I was blown away at how beautiful all our centerpieces were! We received so many compliments at how gorgeous they were.

We used Bella Blooms for our 2 day wedding and Melanie was nothing short of impressive. I booked her last minute because I was a wedding planner procrastinator and she took on the challenge with no judgement. We met once and that was it. Other communication was through text and email and she was always on top of it. 
   Our first day, she made a gazebo in Palos Verdes look amazing and wedding ready! She was punctual and got everything set up and taken down in an appropriate amount of time.
   Then, we had her at the Richard Nixon Library. The arrangements she set up were jaw dropping. I will never forget how beautiful that room looked due to her hard work. She was also very forgiving when one of our guests of course did not listen and took home the tall vase. We returned it to her safe and sound and she was very understanding. 
    I feel like florist don't get the credit they should because they just appear, set up then reappear to tear down. So I want you to know Melanie, you are greatly appreciated and we loved what you did for our special days :)

I ordered a mother's day arrangement here and I LOVE it! My mom absolutely loved the arrangement and I was so glad to see how happy she looked! The ordering process was so easy and I trust the florist's creativity to make the perfect arrangement. I will definitely order again!!

Where to begin! Melanie is beyond amazing. She went above and beyond to really understand what my overall vision was for the venue. She was so responsive to my emails, calls, and texts. Her eye for floral design is outstanding and her work is beautiful. Melanie made my day even more spectacular and I could not thank her enough. If you are looking for a floral designer you can stop looking because you have the perfect designer!!!

These ladies are awesome!! We came last minute to get some flowers thinking they were a grab and go florist but they are more of a plan ahead kind of place. They ladies were sooooooo nice to help us out with making a last minute bouquet. It's came a out beautifully and smelled incredible! I would absolutely recommend this place for any events. Thank you again for your help!!

We used Bella Blooms for the flowers for our wedding ceremony and reception in October 2014.  We met with Melanie to talk about our ideas and likes &amp; dislikes and she was really helpful in figuring out what we were picturing and offering creative ideas that would help pull everything together.  

The flowers turned out beautiful, I loved my bouquet and the centerpieces.  They all looked great in our pictures, were well balanced with just the right amount of color and came together better than I could have imagined!

For our wedding in March 2016, I called some florists who didn't even want my business within my budget of $3000.  When I first called Melanie, she was very friendly and optimistic we could make it work within our budget, so I knew she was the one for us.  She was very responsive via phone and email throughout the planning process and really went above and beyond to make our wedding day look amazing!  When I saw the ceremony decor for the first time, I was blown away at how beautiful it looked!  Melanie was onsite to transition the decor from ceremony to reception flawlessly.  We received so many compliments on our flowers from our guests and bridal party.  I can't recommend Bella Blooms enough!

Melanie is excellent!  I've used them multiple times for small and large orders.  She is always excellent with follow through. The flowers and arrangements are gorgeous.  I have had everyone call to boast about their flowers.   She has a great business and I highly recommend her.

I love melanie and Leanna. They did an amazing job on my wedding. The centerpieces were gorgeous, the chuppa were fabulous... I absolutely am very happy choosing them for my florists. They catered to my every needs and made everything possible for me. Thank you so much girls!!!

Last minute shopping. The young lady was so nice to take the time out of her busy day on valentines to help me out. Very happy. Us men always wait to the last minute.

Bella Blooms is fantastic!!!!  I had them make an arrangement of our wedding flowers for my first anniversary.  We went to Disneyland and I arranged for them to deliver to my hotel while we were at the park.  I left my payment and the hotel took care of the flowers while we were gone.  When we arrived I found a stunning and classy vase of beautiful flowers.  My wife was shocked and said she had wished they were able to do the flowers for our wedding!  She said it was prettier than her original bouquet and Bella Blooms helped me to land some serious wifey points.  If you need flowers in the Anaheim area, Bella Blooms is the best florist  to assist you.  Prepare to be surprised and dazzled.

I havent purchased my wedding flowers just yet, but I had such a great experience at Bella Blooms that I had to share. 

Making an appointment was super easy. They use an online system so it automatically emails you a reminder. A nice bonus. 

I met with Melanie who was really helpful. I went into the appointment without really knowing what I wanted. I had a bunch of pictures and a color scheme. Melanie was able to pick up on my style based on those pictures and suggest ideas that were along those lines. There were several times where I would just say, I dont know, but Melanie was great at keeping the meeting moving along. She even showed me pictures of other possible flowers we could use for my centerpieces. 

There was a slight confusion with another person who thought she had an appointment at the same time, but I guess she didnt use the online system and only emailed someone, so I think that got things mixed up. 

My appt was Monday evening, I received a very detailed quote by Wednesday evening. I could totally picture everything that we had discussed based on those descriptions. And the quote even came in under budget! My budget was about $2500-$3000. 

I really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely consider them for special occasions in the future. So far, none of my other florist appts have been able to even touch the service and ideas I received from Bella Blooms!

Keep up the great work!!!

To this day, I can't thank Melanie and her team enough for helping make my wedding day vision come true- within my budget! 

I was a "budget" bride with little to no wiggle room. I told Melanie what my vision was and she came up with affordable options for me that really met the heart of what I was envisioning.  I remember receiving my bouquet, walking into the church, and later the reception and just feeling thankful that we went with Bella Blooms. Later when we received our pictures I loved the way the flowers photographed and made the whole day feel beautiful. We couldn't have been happier with Bella Blooms and highly recommend them. (I posted pictures check them out!)

I pretty much only order flowers for my wife on special occasions. She values creativity over cost every day of the week...which is a blessing and a curse because it doesn't cost a lot to make her happy, but it takes my simple male brain significant effort to come up with unique ways to display my love.  Enter Bella Blooms.  Melanie (co-owner) works with me during the creative process coming up with color/texture themes and works within my budget. All of the arrangements I have ordered are thoughtfully designed, beautiful, customized, and last for weeks...and my wife loves them every time!  Happy wife happy life

Having Bella Blooms as our floral vendor was an easy and great experience.  I first met with Melanie and we went over color and flower choices.  I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted and although some of those ideas were not in season or where too pricey she helped me pick out some great options, best of all she helped keep it within my budget and even gave me other flower options in case my budget changed.  After this all correspondence was with Leanna through email.  Communication was great and she usually got back to me within a day or two, which was fine because nothing was ever extremely urgent. From photos and reviews I trusted Melanie and Leanna to create something I would love and they did not disappoint.  Every single arrangement from the boutonnieres to the centerpieces was perfect and beautiful. I am very happy with the final results and would recommend Bella Blooms in a heart beat!

For my wedding, I met with a handful of florists to get quotes, but I immediately felt comfortable with Melanie. She was really nice and receptive when I showed her the style of flowers I wanted for my bouquet and centerpieces. I ended up going with her because she was nice, on top of her emails and communication, and the quote she gave me was very reasonable (which is tough to find reasonable prices in the wedding industry--brides, you know what I'm talking about). Despite having a winter wedding, she was able to get me all the flowers I wanted in my bouquet--dahlias and anemones! She is a wizard--when the dahlias came in, she sent me a photo and they were a little too bright pink, so she sprayed them with white flower paint and the color of the flower morphed into the most beautiful, muted pink (which was one of my wedding colors). When I saw my bouquet, I fell in love with it! All my vendors also fell in love with my bouquet too, lol. Oh and did I mention my arch?? BEAUTIFUL!! It made the backdrop of our wedding complete!! Based on her work, you can tell she just has an eye for flowers and flower design--all my flower centerpieces turned out lovely, I got several compliments on my bouquet and the flowers! If I had to do it all over again, I would go to her only and not search any further--she is the person I would recommend for any floral arrangement needs!

I was in charge of a major company event (where guests included City Council members, and Mayors), and had totally forgotten that I should get flowers for our cocktail tables. 

I called Bella Blooms at the 11th hour, told them what my budget was (this late in the game my budget was low), the color scheme for the party, and Melanie made recommendations. 

Mind you, I know nothing about flowers. My extent of floral knowledge is  to buy roses for girls you like, and get carnations for the ones you don't. That being said, I told her she was the flower expert, so I will do what she thinks would be best. So I did.

The flowers were a hit at the party, with dignitaries even asking to take them home!

Bella Blooms really went the extra mile for us. In an effort to save money, I had originally planned on just buying flowers and having my staff put everything together, but Melanie wanted to make sure everything was perfect so she took care of everything herself for us without going a dime over budget!  All under 24 hours! 

I don't know if they can always have that short of a turn-around, but the fact that they did when they could speaks volumes to their dedication to service and excellence. I highly recommend Bella Blooms for all your floral needs.

Bella Blooms is a fantastic florist! I worked with Leanna Henry in 2010 for my wedding and also this past weekend for my daughter's first birthday. The flowers looked absolutely amazing both times; only premium flowers were used and she didn't skimp on the quantity, so the bouquets and floral spray were full and looked beautiful in the photos. 

Not only is Leanna extremely talented at what she does, but she is also very professional and personable as well. She responded to my emails promptly, made great suggestions and was so easy to work with. Their prices are also very reasonable, compared to what you get. I highly recommend Bella Blooms and plan on using them for all of my future floral needs!

I dealt with Leanna last year when I sent flowers to a friend who had lost her pet. I gave Leanna a few details about what I was looking for, told how much I wanted to spend, and then Leanna created the most beautiful, personalized bouquet. She even delivered them personally at a time that is traditionally after hours. The occasion was so sad, but Leanna truly brightened her day. I cannot say enough about Bella Blooms. Highly, highly recommend.

WOW!  From request to delivered in 90 minutes!  Texted late morning with Leana and Melanie about whether or not they'd be able to deliver a beautiful, lush arrangement to my friend at UCI in Orange by end of day.  The arrangement was there by 1 pm, and just about exactly what I envisioned.  

I am picky about flowers - can't stand cheesy containers, filler flowers, lots of greenery, or other things that take up space but don't look pretty.  Looked at a bunch of florists near the medical center and worried that any of them would deliver an arrangement that was expensive but not what I wanted.  Melanie did a colorful arrangement that was FULL of fluffy, high-impact flowers - orchids, roses, tulips, hydrangeas.  

My friend was super appreciative and sent me a picture right away.  I am super happy with their work and their service. Would absolutely use them again. Thanks, Bella Blooms!

I had the pleasure of working with Bella Blooms for my wedding and they were amazing. My flowers were absolutely gorgeous! They came to my venue early to drop off our personal flowers and even returned later for the ceremony/reception to set up to ensure that the flowers were fresh. They have beautiful flowers and  work with any budget. Throughout the night I was given numerous compliments on our centerpieces. I would recommend them to any upcoming bride!

I would highly recommended these talented ladies!  They are professional, fun and very creative in their designs.  I could not have been happier with their service and the attention to detail on their arrangements.  Our wedding day was rained out and they were able to quickly put all the gorgeous details inside for us.  My sister had used them for her wedding and there was no question I wouldn't use them for my own wedding.  

Wonderful experience and exceptional designs!

When my  husband and I were married in 2009, Bella Blooms rocked our wedding.  I couldn't have been happier with the exquisite job they did preparing our vividly colored bouquets, corsages and boutonniere.  All of the flowers popped beautifully in our photos.  

Melanie must be a mind reader, because she captured exactly what I'd envisioned for our chuppah. The dark wood frame covered in curly willow and deep pink bougainvilla was simple yet dramatic. It fit the small landing of my venue perfectly and looked like it had grown naturally in that spot. 

Melanie and Leanna were sweet, professional and fun to collaborate with.  They were willing to help me achieve my vision while staying within my budget.  So naturally I turned to them again to prepare the centerpieces for my parents' 50th anniversary party last weekend.  

The spectacular arrangement they created for the foyer took my breath away, and the table centerpieces looked fresh and dazzling.  Everyone complimented us on how beautiful they were and my mom is still talking about the brilliant colors of the blossoms and boxes.   Everything was perfect, and again, it was delivered on time and within our budget.

Planning a big party for my parents' 85 closest friends and relatives was a stressful experience, but because I was able to rely on Bella Blooms, the decor was a breeze.  I highly recommend them.

Leanna and the Bella Blooms team are so creative. She put together the most beautiful bouquet for a very important client's birthday. Leanna really listened to what I liked and did not and created a stunning arrangement I would never have dreamed up otherwise.

On top of her talents, Leanna is also a great business woman. She kept me well informed of the status of my delivery and followed up with a picture to make sure I was satisfied. The flowers were delivered on time just as she promised.

I would highly recommend Bella Blooms to anyone looking for a florist in the orange county area. I will definitely be using her again.

Working with Bella Blooms was so easy! I contacted the owner in the morning and needed a sympathy bouquet delivered to my friends home and within 2 hours it was made, processed and delivered! Job well done. I will definitely use them for any future flower needs I have.

Leanna created my dream bouquet, was easy to work with, and worked within my budget for my December 2007 wedding.  She also delivered our bouquets at 7 a.m. (and was on time!).  When we were planning, Leanna provided 3 different options for centerpieces with different prices for each.  She also offered suggestions when I was at a loss for what flowers to use.  She was reliable, easy to get a hold of, and friendly.
 
I cannot recommend Bella Blooms enough.  My flowers were everything I had hoped for.  Working with them was so reassuring and easy!  All of the bridesmaids and mothers loved their flowers!

Additionally, at the last minute (well, 1 month before) Bella Blooms was able to come on board to do my brother's wedding.  This time it was Melanie who oversaw everything - and the results were amazing.  They stayed within the tight budget, but didn't hold back on quality.  The simple but beautiful pink rose bouquets were perfect and everything my soon to be sister-in-law had wanted.

Hands down Bella Blooms is the best floral design studio in Orange County. I have used Bella Blooms since 2008 and they have always impressed me with their innovative and creative floral arrangements. I have worked with Melanie and Leanna on event planning as well as the occasional floral arrangement for that special person in my life. Time and again they have designed unique and beautiful floral arrangements with healthy looking and high quality flowers. If you are in need of large-scale floral design consulting for major events, or you just need to send a thank you arrangement to someone, Bella Blooms will not disappoint. There is no one else in Orange County that is as dedicated and passionate about floral design as Melanie and Leanna.

melanie!!!

you rocked our florals at our wedding this past weekend! we are beyond pleased with your work, and so was everyone else. our photographer was in love with the bouquets. and the magnetic boutinnieres? how did no one else think of that? soooo much better than the pin on ones that put holes into everyone's attire. the pricing was more than appropriate for your level of service and quality of work. we're passing your information to our photographer - she loves your work that much! your work is beautiful!!!

THANK YOU!!

We booked Bella Blooms as our florist for our June 22, 2013 wedding at Hyatt Huntington Beach and they did an AMAZING job. They were reasonably priced, delivered gorgeous flowers and went OUT OF THEIR WAY, ABOVE AND BEYOND to create the look we wanted. Leanna even went to Orange Circle and searched online to help me find the vintage cut glass vase look I wanted to accompany our centerpieces. A great experience to work with these ladies- very professional, friendly, responsive and flexible. I definitely recommend them to other brides!

I was getting an arrangement for my girlfriend for our 5 year anniversary and I found Bella Blooms because I wanted something near her job for a close delivery. I called Melanie but I got to her VM and it said to text her for quicker response. Texting her was the best way. She was very helpful and also works with how much you want to spend. She delivered very fast. Payment was taken at 10AM and delivered by 11AM. I would definitely call her again for anything flower related.

Bella Blooms was fantastic to work with. I can not say enough great things about this company. I was referred to them by a girl I work with, and now I want to refer everyone I talk to to them. They did such an amazing job. They were so patient with me. I was always asking Melanie tons of questions, and she would always email me back right away. Her &amp; Leanna are so easy to work with, and they did such an amazing job on our wedding. I loved our bouquets and our center pieces. They were all exactly what I wanted. 
Bella Blooms - thank you so much for everything!!!

Very very satisfied!!!  Bella Blooms provides great quality work and has excellent customer service! We had a wedding on a student budget, and were planning it long distance. I contacted many florist before contacting Leanna Henry at Bella Blooms, but Leannas sincere care and attention to our needs and understanding of our low budget and problems of long distance planning was so admirable that we let go of other florists immediately and hired them--one of the best decisions I made for our wedding!   I may call myself a type A personality and a perfectionist, and I have to admit that Bella Bloom satisfied all my expectations and then more!

Me and Leanna had chain of limitless emails, in which she patiently and precisely answered all my questions and offered great ideas to work with our low budget and/or what I had in mind! And just to give me a peace of mind, she prepared the bouquets and centerpieces the  day before our wedding so i could go take a look at them.  Melanie was also very nice to make quick last minute change of style to my bouquet and make it my perfect, dream bouquet! 

I am extremely satisfied with Bella Bloom, Melanie, and Leanna Henry's services and highly recommend them to anyone looking for quality work and great customer service! 

Thank you Bella Bloom for making my wedding day so beautiful!

Bella Blooms really impressed me.  After another floral company cancelled on me, I scrambled around to locate another flower shop.  I knew of the impressive reviews from Bella Blooms but there was no way to order online which at first deterred me.  But I bit the bullet and texted Leanna my order and she forwarded to Melanie who helped make the arrangement and deliver the order the same day.  My girl was very impressed especially with the fragrance coming off of the arrangement.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Thank you very much for the great work!

This is so long overdue, but the flowers from Bella Blooms were the highlight, for me, of my wedding in April 2013. Melanie and Leanna were wonderful to work with, making wonderful suggestions and recommendations to help me reach my vision. When I got to the wedding site early to get ready on the day, they were unloading the flowers from the van to set up and I was just overwhelmed. They were gorgeous. I can't recommend them highly enough!

Working with Bella Blooms was great. We picked our flowers for the center pieces, bouquet, boutonnieres, and gazebo. Although, during my consultation with was hard for me to picture all the flowers together in a bouquet, but I trusted Bella Blooms to make the best floral decisions. Bella Blooms was a recommendation from our wedding coordinators, The Double Knot. They were able to work with our budget and made adjustments after the consultation through e-mail. Melanie and Leanna were very helpful and knowledge about their craft. I greatly appreciate their professionalism and floral arrangements that added to create the perfect wedding atmosphere for our ceremony and reception.

Leanna made a bouquet of flowers as a thank you to my husband who is an M.D. and saw her daughter on a sat after hours. It is BEAUTIFUL!!!! My son's Bar Mitzvah is in 2016 but I am hiring them to do the flowers! No Question!!! I am sure they will still be in business. Truly talented florists!!!!

Leanna had the utmost patience working with me over e-mail on details, and in the end, I trusted Melanie and her to put together the chuppah flowers which were gorgeous and alternating/complimentary floral centerpieces without mock-ups.  The only flower combo I wasn't too enamored by was on the cake, mostly because I don't like Gerbers on cakes but forgot to specify.  The cherry brandy rose boutonnieres were meaty!

Although Melanie was very nice and pleasant to work with, I was disappointed with my flowers for my August 2011 wedding.  Although I was on a budget, I was shocked how chintzy the flowers were (particularly for the pews), which upon seeing them made me think, "I paid that much for THAT? Yikes."  (Small) size aside, the flowers in my BOUQUET ARRIVED LOOKING SEMI-WILTED, which is the main reason for my disappointment.  Florists, especially as pricey as Bella Blooms, should have fresh-looking flowers, not ones that look like they are about to die.

The only reason I am giving Bella Blooms 2 stars instead of 1 is because the mothers' corsages and the boutonnieres looked nice (although were nothing special, your average wedding corsages, etc.), and I, along with the groomsmen and dads, liked the the boutonnieres were magnetic.

I always order my flowers from Bella Blooms!  It's nice not having to figure out what kind of arrangement I want, I just trust these ladies with their creativity.

I cannot say enough fabulous things about Bella Blooms. I have had the pleasure of working with them on several events for work and every time I see the flowers I am  blown away. They are so creative and everything I have ever seen them put out is stunning. Not only is their product superb, their customer service is top-notch. LOVE!

Leanna did a wonderful job at my daughter's wedding.  She created the most beautiful center pieces and the bridal bouquet was magnificent. Leanna "interpreted" my daughter's vision and came up with fantastic flower arrangements.  She is very talented, creative and professional.  She helped my daughter have an amazing wedding. 
We hightly recommend her.

I've ordered from Bella Blooms a few times now and each time has been absolutely amazing. My wife was extremely impressed and all of her coworkers were beyond envious, taking pictures and texting them to their husbands to ask why they never receive flowers so beautiful. Definitely my go to place any time I need a perfect arrangement of flowers!

My favorite place to buy flower arrangements. They go above and beyond any standard flower shop. Their arrangements are original and creative and beautiful. If you want to wow someone send them Bella Blooms! Melanie is the best and so easy to work with. I trust her to come up with something amazing each time. They were my wedding florist years ago and I keep going back for more!

Another 5 star review for what seems to be the best florist around! I have been searching and searching for a florist that is dependable, and that, more importantly, can put together an arrangement without any direction and always be beautiful. Last minute, I decided my mom needed flowers. I told Melanie the price range and where to deliver it to. The result was promptly delivered flowers (within 12 hours of original request) and a happy mom! I couldn't have asked for more. I am going to have to tell my significant other about this place so that I can get these gorgeous arrangements for myself once in a while! Thanks! :)

I have been lucky enough to have recieved a few flower arrangements from here already and they have always been beautiful and unique. My last arrangement which was made up of stargazer lillies  was absolutely stunning! Definitely wow worthy and it was the talk of the office. If you're looking for an arrangement that doesn't look like all the generic online shops this is the place to order from.

Leanna from Bella Blooms did all of our wedding flowers and I was very impressed. Our bridesmaid bouquets were my favorite as they incorporated all kinds of colors and textures. I received everything I asked for, Leanna was easily accessible with communication and flexible to all of my ideas and last minute changes. I was a little disappointed that the orange flowers I requested turned out to be more pink than orange, but I think that is my fault in that orange flowers aren't the easiest to find. More than a couple guests came up to me and told me how amazing the flowers looked and how they looked better than some of the higher end flower shops in our area. I would highly recommend Leanna and Bella Blooms for your wedding flowers.

GREATTTT, GREATTTT, GREATTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They did a fabulous job on my engagement and wedding. It couldn't be better. They are so creative, responsible, flexible and helpful. I cannot say enough thanks about Bella Blooms. Thanks you ever so muchhhh :-*****

Leanna was great to work with--with a couple emails and a voicemail had an amazing bouquet on the way to my mother for her birthday. Very unique and not something you'd get from any online florist, and at a great price. Even for a small order like mine, she was very helpful and responsive. Highly recommended!

We have worked with Melanie &amp; Leanna for several years for our corporate event needs.  They are the perfect combination of professionalism and creativity.  They are extremely dependable and responsive, and always willing to work within our budgets, as most of our events are charitable fundraisers.  Their fresh, fun and beautiful designs continually bring in compliments and help define the look of our events.

I would recommend them highly for any of your floral design needs-- I am using them for my destination wedding this fall!

After searching for a local florist to send my aunt flowers for her birthday, I came across great reviews on Bella Blooms.  I talked with Melanie and requested certain colors for the arrangement and being from Michigan I wanted to see what the arrangement would look like before it was sent.   I received a picture of the arrangement by email and it was absolutely amazing!!! My aunt loved her bouquet and I can't rave enough about the customer service they provided!!

Melanie is so nice to work with! She is knowledgeable, creative and budget friendly all at the same time.

Bella Blooms...Leanna...helped make my special day SO memorable with their amazing flowers!  Everything was set up so beautifully.  I've received multiple comments on how amazing the flowers looked.  

On top of the great flowers, while in the planning stage, Leanna thought of creative ways to help us stay on budget but still get what what we want (wanted out of season blue hydrangeas...she recommended using white and spray painting them with floral spray.  they turned out AMAZING!). Very professional and would HIGHLY recommend using Bella blooms for your special occasion.

Thank you Leanna!

Leanna and Melanie at Bella Blooms were amazing!  They were so easy to work with and very flexible, always answered my e-mails in a timely manner.  their work is incredible! All the florals at my wedding exceeded all my expectations, the centerpieces were gorgeous and I got so many compliments on my bouquet! The best part was that when I first met with Melanie, I really did not know what I wanted-I just wanted it to look good.  She really took the time to help me out with ideas in terms of colors, type of flowers, ceterpieces, themes.  And all way within my budget! I would highly recommend Bella Blooms!

Melanie was very prompt in responding to my contact and is always helpful. She helped me decide what I needed and it was perfect. I definitely will do business with her in the future and refer her to my friends. She followed through on her words and does beautiful arrangements. She went out of her way to meet my floral needs.

It was an absolute pleasure working with Melanie from Bella Blooms! My new hubby and I met with Melanie on several different occasions to create our floral vision for our wedding and she was always professional and super friendly. Everything turned out absolutely amazing and their prices are extremely reasonable! From the boutonnieres to the table centerpieces, we couldn't have been happier! We ran into a little issue when Melanie did a mock-up of the centerpieces for us and after I fell in love with it she later told us that she accidentally showed us an arrangement that was double the price of what we had discussed. Fortunately, we were able to work this out quickly and reasonably so all of us were happy in the end. I honestly believe this was a mistake and it wasn't the old wedding bait and switch. Overall, they really made our day more beautiful than we could have imagined and we would definitely use them again for future events!

I have worked with Leanna and Melanie from Bella Blooms on a number of events.  They are always so professional and meet the needs of their clients.  Their flowers and arrangements are extraordinary and exquisite.  I have never worked with another florist that does what Bella Blooms does.  Anyone that looks at their work knows the love that they put into each arrangement.  Working with them is so calming because it is something that I can check off my list and not worry about.  The flowers are at the events in a timely manner and always beautiful.  There is no other florists that I would recommend.  Bella Blooms is the best!

Melanie and Leanna were a true blessing!  Not only were they very sweet and accomadating, their work is the best I have seen.  They were able to meet all of our needs and offer suggestions that looked beautiful.  They are extremely professional and are always quick to respond.  Our flowers made this wedding amazing and unforgettable.  This pair is SO creative and combine fruits and florals with vibrant colors.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!

Leanna Henry is great to work with even from a distance. I was planning a wedding reception in my hometown and knew no good florists. After a fiasco with my first florist, I read the glowing reviews from the knotties and just trusted my instincts. I was so rewarded! I was looking for an affordable, flexible floral designer who could bring my beautiful lush arrangements to life. Bella Blooms exceeded my expectations. They even impressed my SF socialite MIL (my trusted measure of good taste). I have used them for Mother's Day (Mom was appropriately delighted by the design and long life of the flowers) and plan to use them soon for a housewarming surprise. I just wish they were in SF! Sigh!

Leanna and Melanie were a pleasure to work with, and they created a wonderful and fragrant bouquet that fit within my budget. They were easy to contact whenever I wanted questions answered. I loved everything that they did from my bouquet to the bridal courts flowers. They were on time with everything all my husband had to do was pick up the flowers.I highly recommend them to any bride that is looking for good florists.

