Great trading card, board game, puzzle, miniature, and hobby store.

Lots of stock and selection. Amazing play area for all the items mentioned above. Very organized calendars for play days and always a decent turn out for players.

The owner is very interactive and posts about updates and upcoming events at the store.

A must visit if your a local or visiting.

I stopped in this morning with my Son to check out the result of Black Diamond Games' recent remodeling. Great Job!

There are now 2 levels in the back side of the store. The mezzanine is well lit, roomy, and according to my Son, great for gaming.

I just love this place.  Ever since the remodel the gaming space is epic.  Love that they have table top with Will Wheton playing in the board game section.

I absolutely love this store. The owner Gary is great. If you're in the area such that this is your primary local gaming store, I recommend joining their Facebook page, and optionally one of the BDG game groups (Board games : "BDG Board Games" group, Living card games: "BDG LCG Group", and more).

There are so many board games here! Plus, one of the few board game shops I visited where they have a discount section (what, board games, discounted?).  Also the first board game where they have miniature TV screens featuring Tabletop, the web series on board games hosted by yours truly, Wil Wheaton (what a smart way to advertise board games)! I could just stand there and watch that show for hours.

If you're ever in the area and are into board games, definitely check this place out!

Top notch board game store, very friendly staff as well. They are a shining example of how to have a clean organized store, it helps combat the whole dirty, smelly gaming store stigma. This place is clean, well lit, family friendly and they have a pretty loyal gaming community.

If you like gaming check it out for sure.

I have been here many many times its always very clean and I always get a friendly greeting from the employees. They have a very good inventory and usually a lot of stuff on sale but their prices are usually MSRP or lower, very fair IMO. I also like that they have a ipad that plays the show Tabletop with Wil Wheaton, my son likes to watch that to learn about new games. Personally, I have not attended any of their nightly events but I do find the place very accommodating and they offer snacks and cold beverages for sale. The only improve I would suggest, if they do not already do it, is to incentivise the $5 fee to the game room somehow. I can understand why the $5 fee but maybe consider some other incentive like amount spent that day, loyalty punch card, donation of cookies or cake.

Owner thinks he is a business guru just cause he hasn't ever had any real competition. All it would take to put his store out of business would be ANY other store with the same game space and sales floorpotential where the owner,
a) had real respect for his customers, as in, not talk to them then talk crap about them behind their back
b) didn't actually tell spending customers that he just wished they played the games that made him more money
c) didn't let his ego keep getting bigger every time he adds to his blog, just cause the same small group agrees with everything he says.

For everyone posting reviews saying that this is a clean store has a weird idea of clean. Run a white paper towel over their game tables and try not to puke.

Awesome place, the owner is really friendly. They host great gaming events, looking forward to the remodel and seeing what the place looks like. Also, great selection of games of all types

Cool place. The board game night is filled with sweaty guys throwing back Pepsis and playing Warhammer 40000 (to be expected) and other mostly guys playing board games. Fun bunch if you can break into a group.

I went for one Friday Night Magic and they were great. No one flipped out when I forgot a rule or didn't do something perfect. I had a great time losing!

Besides that, the place is clean and has plenty of space. Check it out!

This place is a gem for board games. Hubby and I went here to get a two player extension for the Catan base game. They have all kinds of board games old and new and we really regretted not finding this shop earlier given our love for board games. If you ever lose some game parts or coins you might be able to get them here. They have fancy game parts like dice with different designs. The guy at the billing counter here was very well informed about the games here and was quick to help with our questions. We got the stuff we were looking for and were really glad to discover this place. There is plenty of parking space because this shop is in a complex. Will go here again and again.

We were looking for some expansions for Catan, and I was initially skeptical about the place. Once you enter the store though, I realized I couldn't have been more wrong. They have every board game you can think of, from classic wooden chess, to all the expansions of Catan.( though admittedly they were light on seafarers).The store reps were super helpful, and actually knew about the games. Highly recommeneded :)

I received awesome customer service here! I called once to see if the store carried the game I wanted, they did, which was a huge plus because no one else in town sells the game. The woman I spoke with was very pleasant and answered all my questions. I called again the next day for help finding the store and spoke with Sean. Again, all my questions were answered in a very pleasant, positive manner. When I came in to buy the exclusive game, Sean was a great help and suggested other cool games. I highly recommend this store for all of your gaming needs!

They have Cards Against Humanity here at reasonable prices.  Don't give those dirty price gougers on Amazon $149.99 when you can get it here for $30.  Yes, there's a bit of a mark up, but it's not, you know, a 600% markup.   Assholes.

But yeah!  This place is great.  They have all of the popular tabletop games and their respective expansions, even the ones no one plays (Traders and Barbarians?  Really?)!  If you've ever read about a board game on the internet that you've wanted to play with your friends, you'll find it here.

I really like the way their store is laid out -- casual games are in the front, whereas more "hardcore" nerds like myself will find D&amp;D and MTG related crap in the back and towards the sides.  So there's something for everyone here.

Service is friendly, fast, and tolerant of stupid questions (I stood behind a "problem customer" for 10 minutes and was surprised the clerk didn't just flip out.  I would have).  They're also tolerant of good questions too.  

We picked up Pandemic and Dominion and got a thumbs up of approval from the clerk.  What a cool dude.  I'll be back.

I had to buy some new upgrades for my computer at frys and saw black diamond games and figured I would pop in and buy a new game. I have worked retail for some time and I never understood not saying hi to someone new walking into your store. several "regulars" walked in after me and were greeted. I really did want to buy a new game  but after looking around for a bit it was clear that no one really wanted to help. I'm not going one star cause it my only experience here and maybe its not always this bad.

This place is huge and awesome! Massive selection and really helpful employees too, Sean was exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable and helped me find a new game called "dead of winter" that looks like it will be a blast.

They carry almost everything you can think of in terms of board games, card games, or tabletop games. I stopped by for a peek to see if they have Pokemon cards, and they do! They even carry box sets if you're willing to drop some big bucks. They also have some game nights if your down for some social interaction.

Echoing the previous sentiment of other reviewers. Charging 5 dollars for use of a gaming room is pretentious and is no way to encourage people to come to your store, game and make purchases. You leech people of money for just walking in. 

Sure they have a good stock on product but with little to no product knowledge, it may as well just exist on a screen on say Amazon. If you don't care to try and sell the games you stock then you won't make any money. 

The female employees are the only ones with any respect and genuinely care about making the customer happy. The male employees and the "owner" are pretty much as rude as any gamer who is between 20 to 35 years old can be. Have had friends been made to feel worthless because they made a call to enquire about the stock of certain items and the count and possible content of their buy list. I understand it can be a big list but there are certain details you can share about it and still keep the phone call short. Tell us how many items are on your buy list. If it's under a certain number then maybe offer up the details of what they are. You claim it takes 50+ hours to run a game store. Sure, 50 hours divided amongst a half dozen to a dozen people and your looking at a lot of available man hours to divide to your businesses needs. You'd think a minute could be spared for courtesy. 

The disdain from the staff that other reviewers have mentioned can be matched in my experiences. Went in a few times to peruse their common and uncommon boxes and get this scoffing response from the staff behind the counter when I go to make a purchase. As if to say that I'm not possibly worth the time it's taking to ring up. The rabble that occupies the back room most of the time makes it generally impossible to bring small children like my little sister into the store. F bombs and derogatory remarks about women and homosexuals make it especially awkward. 

Have over heard the owner outright disrespect the Magic players and the table top players. He even makes it clear in his blog that he does not like Magic. Here's a tip, if it's the bread and butter of your store, then maybe you should get on the train with everyone else and stop hating. Otherwise, be more accepting to other gamers. 

Tried to write a genuine review on Facebook and the owner took it as an opportunity to argue with me and blame me for his businesses bad customer service. Had some people who, I'm guessing, are his friends call me out for being a troll. Even though in my review valid points were raised. It seems they are incapable of receiving and understanding criticism. Looks like I will be making the trip to Game Kastle in Fremont for major purchases and to Equilibrium for non-magic gaming, better alternatives as well are House of Games in Danville and Eudemonia in Berkeley. At least they can attend their customers with some respect. 

Overall, I expect the owner will see this and ultimately have very negative things to say about this review and myself. Probably citing me as a bad gamer and telling me that he's glad that I won't return to his store. He tried to "fire" me from the store over facebook even though I hadn't been in the store for more than a year. Just shows you how petty he is willing to behave.

You could not do a better job of running a game store.  Black Diamond Games is one of the most professionally run, friendly, well-stocked game stores I have ever been in. Very much a gaming store "done right", IMO. Well lit, no odd smells, friendly knowledgeable staff. The back is set up for Open Gaming, and a nice selection of demo's and Organized Play keeps it busy. I'll definitely be back.

This store is great! So many games and the staff is always happy to help. The prices are reasonable and the store is very organized.

This review is mostly for the MTG events they run. I've attended two FNM events here. Unfortunately, I got really turned off to the place by the way in which the event is run. I have some minor gripes about the length of time it takes them not only to get an event underway, but also the "announcements" they do before they officially allow the event to start. My big issue was how long I'm having to get held at the store after the event is over. Firstly, they refuse to distribute prizes until each and every person is done playing. There's no good reason for this. If they have one, rest assured it's not good enough. My time is valuable. Secondly, I shouldn't be coerced into cleaning up their store for them. I can understand them wanting people to pick up their trash when they're done (which I always DO) and of course it's fine to ask people to help out, but threateningly delaying the dispersal of prizes until all their trash is picked up and all their chairs are put away, by the people that come there to spend money to use the facilities, is unacceptable. Way to make me feel like a little kid in day care who has to put his toys away before I can go to recess. I figured maybe the individual running it was responsible for the childish rules, but on my second trip it was all run the same way by someone else, so this is apparently Black Diamond doctrine. I actually let them keep my prizes that time and left.

I would like to give this place a 1, but I feel that there are some redeeming aspects of it. It's a clean store and looks nice inside. The girl that runs the register is nice. They have a big collection of merchandise. The location is pretty primo for Concord.

If you're looking for a friendlier environment to play in that's close by, check out Equilibrium Games down off Clayton. The place is WAY more laid back and, as a result, more fun.

I used to make the trip to this store from the north bay to shop their used rpg book section.  I would always buy large stacks of material and find deals that made the trip worth it. Fair prices on used material as it should be in a retail store front. This last experience however was an eye opener.  I go in and start flipping through the books and notice WOW the prices were top dollar if not over priced! I asked the cashier about it and he said they base the used prices on ebay and amazon prices. Seriously?!?!?!? Your store is NOT ebay or amazon. If I wanted to pay those prices then I would just stay home and shop online. Which is what I guess I will do. And retail stores wonder why they are closing because of net sales. Well there ya go.

I've been to Black Diamond Games about a dozen times now in the last 4 months and I finally am deciding to write a review.   

Let me start by saying, I am new to playing MTG (Magic The Gathering) and am pretty fortunate to have a deck builders workshop close to home.  I've visited 7 other shops in the East Bay during these four months to see what other magic shops are like.     And my evaluation is this. 

Black Diamond Games, in terms of being a descent MTG Deck building store is as follows, 

2nd best around  when it comes to commons and uncommon. 
The pricing for these is fair and they are organized by color which makes things pretty nice, but there are stores that go even further and loosely alphabetize the cards by color.  

5th best when it comes to rares and mythic rares, 
There is a limited selection of these in their case and they are wildly over priced compared to other local stores. 

They seem to always have a wide variety of boxes and sleeves, so BDG is doing good there.  

And lastly, I do have to mention their customer service.   I've gone in the morning, I've been there mid day and I've been there at night.   No one has been rude to me or my companions per say,  however there is a lacking of service in regards to  customer attentiveness and product knowledge.   Every other store I visited in the last 4 months in regards to MTG shops were 
1. Super attentive and friendly 
&amp;
2. Vastly knowledgeable about their products. 

I understand that Black Diamond Games deals in so much more than just magic,  but Magic is something they are well known in the area for being an authority figure in, as BDG show cases cards at their front desk, protects and stocks MTG boosters and starter kits behind their counters and hosts weekly MTG games in their back room weekly, I would think it prudent that their staff would be more knowledgeable in regards to this game.  

 It seems that only the female staff really know anything about MTG and they have been very helpful in answering questions about their boosters, starter kits and have even given advice on how to build decks. I wish the female staff were on duty more often, they are rarely on duty when I visit.   With that said, in regards to all of the male staff I have encountered, all they have been good for is explaining  how to separate the singles I purchase from commons to uncommon.   

To sum things up, 
I only continue to go to this store for their common and uncommon selection of MTG cards and because it is by far, the closest store to my home. 

But if your looking for even greater selections and great customer service and product knowledge of MTG, I recommend  stores in the Castro Valley and Dublin
areas, based on my limited experience to other MTG stores.  

Good Luck!

Got cards against humanity expansions and the latest Archer game. Good selection! I'm a fan!

Short Story Version: I have been to Black Diamond Games 4 times within the last six weeks; 3 times to draft magic and once to purchase a couple of new board games.  Each and every time I was greatly disappointed in their customer service and management.  As a gamer, I really want to support my local gaming environment, but BDG makes it nearly impossible to do so.  I can say with some certainly, I will no longer do business at BDG nor will I recommend anyone to go there.  


Longer Version: After moving to Pleasant Hill, I was delighted to discover that I was only about 2 miles away from a full-fledged game store - Black Diamond Games.  As a Magic: The Gathering player, I was even more excited to learn that offered Magic tournaments on Friday night.  Tragically, all this excitement and joy was slowly crushed and killed by my multiple visits.  

I want to clarify one important fact: the PLAYERS at Black Diamond games are great - they are friendly and very fun to play with.  It was because of this great player-base that I gave BDG so many chances.  Unfortunately, the stores lack of customer service and general disrespect they show the customers, I was unable to continue to play there.  

The first time I went to draft, I was treated very rudely.  As it was my first time playing there, I asked the "manager" at the counter some basic questions: "What format do you play?", "How much?", "What's the prize support?", etc.  For EACH question, he had a rude comeback answer (such as - "The 'Format' is magic, didn't you read the sign?")  Perhaps he thought he was being funny - and if I was a regular customer with some sort of relationship with this person, perhaps I could excuse such responses.  After realizing I couldn't get non-abusive answer, I went to the back and asked the players/judge the questions (which they answered nicely and succinctly). Mid-draft, I went back to the front counter and inquired about the price of some magic items, again was treated rudely and dismissed quickly as soon as I paid for my products.  

The second time I visited BDG to draft, the same "manager" was in charge of signing players in to the draft and when I asked where I could sign up (being that last time I played, someone just handed me the sign-in sheet and I never saw one on the counter), he was again remarkably rude and disrespectful - even going so far as swearing at another employee that I was interrupting him.   

The third time, I visited on "Free RPG Day" to purchase some items and was basically ignored for nearly 20 minutes while trying to get some help.  I even asked someone behind the counter if they could answer a question about a game, and was told point-blank: "No - all the details about it are on the back."  

I decided to give BDG one more chance (again, because of how much I enjoyed the players/judge staff), and tragically, it was just as bad as every other visit.  The "manager" was once again ruling over the sign-in counter and belittling the Magic players, when I witnessed, what was for me, the "final straw".  A mother and her child were in the store, and she attempted to ask him something and his response was: "You can wait a minute; I'm dealing with these xxxxx (censored for the sake of keeping this review 'G-rated', referring to us Magic players)".  She was shocked - as was I - and she put down the item she was holding and left the store.   

To be fair to Black Diamond Games, I will say that their selection of product is pretty wide and the store is laid out well and organized.  

For me, customer service and respect are important qualities I look for when deciding to do business. The lack of both at Black Diamond Games had made me realize how lucky I was to live near both End Game in Oakland or Game of Berkeley and Eudomonia in Berkeley - great stores that are only a short Bart ride away. If you live in the East Bay and feel that BDG is the only game store for you, just know that positive gaming experience is just a short Bart ride to Oakland or Berkeley away.

I figured I would be able to find the the original Dixit, but I was shocked to find the expansion pack of cards (the second Dixit). So awesome! We were given Dixit: Journey as a wedding present and we knew there had to be extra cards. We looked it up and thought we'd find the original at Black Diamond Games, but they exceeded my expectations :) If only they had Dixit: Odyssey. 

We come here pretty regularly. At least once a month. I love looking at the dice sets and board games. They change up the content fairly often. It's a solid store.

Black Diamond is my local shop so naturally I want to support it. My girlfriend and I have been here probably 10-15 times. Always been asked if we needed help pretty much as we came in the door or at least within a minute or two. 

We usually just browse on our own and then purchase but we've gotten suggestions a few times. We found everyone we interacted with be it behind the counter or just customers very friendly. We went to Tabletop Day and played with a few groups of people and everyone was great. Their hours are also awesome for late night board game purchase itches. 

I suppose the only complaint would be a somewhat limited board game selection compared to something like Games of Berkeley but I can understand the difficulty of carrying that kind of massive overhead so not a big deal there and they always have the basics covered. The one time we did a special order it arrived something like 3 days later so quicker than Amazon. 

We'll keep supporting our local shop and hopefully they'll keep improving and growing.

Big playing area in the back, prices are a little bit high on some of the items but not especially expensive.

Good for yugioh and other trading card games in the back because of all the space.

I've gone in here several times, at least once a month, to look and buy puzzles of which they have a great selection (I'm not in the store for the games); they also sell the nanoblock building models which my brother builds; their selection of model paints is also good. The service is always very good and the people helping are polite.

Pay to play? This is a huge load of bullshit in my opinion I have never heard of another store to do this. They told me you have to pay 5 dollars every single time you want to play flames of war. It may not seem like much but to a younger person like me 5 bucks a week adds up to a lot of money. Find somewhere better to play and more respectful of gamers people.

My friend and I really enjoyed our experience at this store. The store is spacious and well-stocked, with attentive and friendly staff. I don't live in the area but I'd visit just to shop here again.

Incredibly disappointing.  I'm a gamer and I love supporting local businesses, I however cannot shop here.  Very poor customer service, expect to be ignored.  If your showing up to try and play anything but magic, which the owner seems to hate if you read their blog, call to make sure there is room.  Even if the night is devoted to your game.  They make it very clear that they get their money from magic players and don't care much about you if your not their cash crop.  The last time I was there was to buy some board games for a game night, I amazingly was able to get an employee to give me some suggestions.  Unfortunately as we were leaving I could here him telling someone how much of an idiot I was and how easy of an up sell it was.  I guess he didn't recognize I was a regular and was only paying nearly twice over retail for a board game to support them.  Never again.

Well, this new location has certainly rectified the two grumbles in my previous review, which cost BDG a star.  Parking is ridiculously abundant, and comparing the size of the two stores is like comparing a foxhole to the Death Star.  Moving in the right direction.

So why haven't I upped them to 5 *'s?  Unfortunately, it seems like the new location also came with some less awesome new staff.  Several times I've found myself standing at the register, cash in hand, while a clerk was busy dinking around in the game room or yakking with a friend by the comics.  Sorry to disturb your bitchin' Space Marine skirmish, dude, I'm just over here trying to help you guys make rent.

That said, it's still the best game store in the county.  By, like, A LOT.  And if the owner Gary is around, ignore everything I said in the last paragraph because he rocks on toast.  Always knowledgeable, always prompt.  He just needs to tighten up his henchmen a little bit.

I've come in a few times before just to look around, and never had any problem with getting attention from the clerks there.  The other day, I dropped by to pick up the Warhammer 40K starter kit.  Not only did the clerk (sorry, I'm really bad with names) take the time to answer all my questions about the game, but he also offered to help get me started on painting the pieces and learning the game (Friday's they have a beginners group meet up in the back gaming area).  

They have entire sections on puzzles, boardgames, card games, and war games, as well as a pretty good selection of miniature model paints.  I've been to a few game shops around the East Bay, but this by far my favorite!

This store has an excellent selection of items which is about the only thing good about this store.  Their workers/management usually do not have any idea on what events their store is hosting and how those events are run.  You have to search and dig for the correct answers you are looking for in regards to events/items.  The staff has been rude to me on a number of occasions as well as other frequent members.  Unless you are spending over $50-$100 per visit the store will look at you like a leech and will eventually find ways to make you never want to come back.  I have also had issues with language in the store which makes it impossible to bring a young kid in the store without them hearing a comment about disrespecting people of the homosexual orientation as well as other ethnic backgrounds.  The store has an active policy about "hear no evil, see no evil" so as long as you aren't directing it towards them, they don't care what you say in the back room.  All of these could be easily overlooked as random circumstances that could happen at any store, but it was how this store chose to react to such instances is what made me realize they don't care about the customer, just their money.

I would never recommend this store to anyone.  There are so many other stores in the area that will give you a more personal feel, and not add a 5% markup to everything in their store.  Games Workshop has a store in Alamo that sells anything and everything GW that would be available at Black Diamond Games and does it without a mark up.  Gamers Guild in Antioch and Games of Berkeley in Berkeley also host Yugi-oh and Magic the Gathering tournaments and events at a lower cost than Black Diamond Games as BDG has a cost markup.  Feel free to message me for more horror stories from this store, I'll gladly tell them to you in hopes you won't ever have to experience what I have in a game store of all places.

I have been to Fry's a 1000 times and had never noticed Black Diamond Games before. I stopped in real quick to see what they had, and the store was very well stocked with a huge supply of Board and Card Games. 

Gary the owner was very friendly and answered all of my questions. They didn't have what I was looking for, (an A Wing for the X Wing Miniatures game)but it is a tough piece to find right now.

I will definitely be heading back.

I came back here again last night and had a better experience than last time.  I have to wonder if confused looking people in the store get ignored and only hardcore tabletop gamers receive any attention.

I was only here for 30 minutes and wandered back and forth in their store.  If you don't like to be offered help when you shop this is a great place for you.  I really don't understand how its organized.  I did more comparison shopping and I think it's just really hard for these stores to compete with on-line retailers.  Not their fault of course, they do have much higher overhead costs.

Anyways, the trip was saved when I noticed a bunch of Agricola boxes on the ground marked at $35 (Half price).  Turns out the boxes were damaged in shipping.  Awesome deal.  I jokingly told the cashier I was going to drop kick some other games to get the deal -- he wasn't amused.

I did also convince my friend to pick up the game SET, it's a super fun card game you can play with friends or solo.  It involves logic and a sharp mind.  In response though to another reviewer's comments on my previous review -- I have the following to say:

1)  I was on my phone for no more than 10 minutes of the 60 minutes I was there.  I spent most of my time reading the back of boxes.
2)  Agricola is in reprint, which is why I'm guessing the store had copies of it again
3)  Bananagrams was available in other game stores I have been to including Games of Berkeley.  Good to know they have supernormal retail distribution.

Anyways, this place is convenient for me to get to, so I wouldn't mind going when I'm feeling anti-social and want to play a social board game.  Oh wait.

First the good.  Very clean store and very well stocked.   I've gone in a few times and for the most part I've been able to get what I want.  Plenty of space to game, and multiple types of in store gaming supported.

Now the cons.

The store charges for some instore gaming.  

I've also had a few bad experiances with one of their clerks being not the nicest fellow.  He seemed to care more about his discussions with a friend then helping customers both times he has "helped me".  I
*update*
I had an issue with profanity being used in front of my kid at the store, and the owner contacted me to let me know that this was not the norm and would be discussing it with his employees.  I found this very encouraging.  I haven't been back since it happend the last time, but I am hopefull that it won't be an issue anymore.

I have been to Black Diamond games a couple of times now since they have a wide variety of games you can't find in a lot of the major chains. They have always been helpful if I have a question and have always been willing to order games I'm looking for if they don't have them in stock. What I like best about them is that they're open late since I usually have to drive 30 minutes out of my way to see them. Definitely a great place to go for your geeky needs.

While visiting friends in Walnut Creek, there was mention of heading out to their local game store. Always happy to make a trip to a game store I was in the car before anybody else. A short trip across town later, I was pulling up to Black Diamond Games.

I'm used to the small, hole in the wall Game Stores where you have to squeeze past other gamers to get to that new RPG or mini. Black Diamond Games has space, a lot of space. So much space they even have space in the back with tables for GAMING. This is how I envision a game store to be, a place that has room for people to congregate and play their favorite games.

The rest of the store has a lot of room to move about and each section does not encroach on the other. The Board Game Geeks can pick up their Settler's of Catan without worrying about the Wargamer Geeks or D&amp;D Geeks bumping into them.

I've been here at least three or four times though I've never really gotten to know the staff so there is not much I can say about them. From what I've seen from afar, they seem nice.

I've had to have my friends hold my wallet whenever I enter the store, I have a habit of being unable to leave without purchasing something. Guess I failed my Will Save.

I have been to many game shops in my life time and i hhave to say black diamond is a great store with a huge amount of product both obscure and everyday stuff you would find in any big box stores, the gaming area in the back is great and they provide plenty of opportunity for kids to learn how to play various games that are popular. so you might be asking why the low rating right? the god awful smell brings 2 stars right off the top and the lack of customer service brings off one more.
like another poster mentioned unless you go in the morning or mid afternoon when the owner Gary is there don't expect  great service, There is one other employee that i cant recall his name currently  who is there a majority of the time and wears a golf hat i believe. he is by far the best regular employee in the place. always friendly and really seems to enjoy helping people out when they have questions including my 9 year old who seems to ask the same question over and over.

but back to the smell again, occasionally my sons and i play Pokemon TCG on wens nights and have taken interest in the the Jr. Generals Friday night program they hold  for kids to learn how to play war-hammer  and the 40,000K version of the game as well as just about every other type of tabletop miniature games, it seems the young kids do a better job taking care of themselves, because if you go into the store on just about any of the other nights there is a reek of B.O. and spoiled meat and it is not just me who will tell you this. ask anyone who knows of this place and the smell factor will come up as a negative about the place. my only other issue is again as another reviewer posted the profanity that is used by those same employees that seem to be playing RPG's  on the designated gaming nights that draws in the younger crowds like Pokemon league night. 
there is nothing quite like having to explain why the store employee keeps dropping f bombs  to a six year old while other teen and pre teen kids are playing games.
Gary seems to be a smart man and if he could take care of the few bad apples and the smell i would have zero problems supporting a local shop  when buying large 100 buck items that can be had for about 40 bucks less online.  a few small changes and this shop could easily have a 5 star rating.

This place is cool... you don't see too many game stores anymore.  And the big toy stores like Toys R Us and Target don't carry any of these games.  I like the fact that the games are organized and easy to find.  Every time we go in there, it seems there is a huge line of people... I think waiting for a tournament or something.  But for fun, hard to find games, this is the best place!

Best game store in the area. It can be a tough climate with internet sales and all but for a place to maybe pick up a gift or game you dont want to wait to have shipped, this is the place. It is a far cry from some of the dark disorderly stores I have seen.

I went into the shop today to buy some basic land and my wife was browsing through the table top games.   We have never played one before but they seemed interesting enough so we decided to grab one and give it a try.

We didnt want to bother the one guy working there since he had about 10 people asking him questions about warhammer 40k and he was alone.   After looking at the backs of about 3 games he had already made his way over to us to help and recommended a game for beginners.  

We just finished playing it and it was a lot of fun :-)  Well organized store with a helpful staff.   Glad i found it.

Remember board games?  Remember role playing games?  I played D&amp;D in high school (yes, I am one of them - there are a lot of us) and truth be told I played on and off up until my kids were born.

I remember playing Monopoly (and winning a lot) as a kid - I was always the Banker (if you know me this makes sense).  I remember Stratego and Risk and when I was even younger Chutes and Ladders, Candyland &amp; Sorry.  I remember playing cards and watching my grandparents play cribbage and backgammon.  I remember playing Battleship on my aunt's floor during the holidays.  I remember 1000 piece puzzles (that was a lot back then) over the Christmas Holidays.

Today, it seems kids all play video games and this is a tragedy.  There was soo much family time and real intellectual growth that occurred over the game table.  I know my son Eli loves puzzles and I know with the help of Black Diamond Games, I will be able to keep him engaged in games and more touchable pursuits than would seem possible amidst the current video game craze. 

If you are a diehard gamer, there is game space in the back of the store and snacks at the register (these are all too important to most gamers).

Gary, the proprietor, is very knowledgeable and can help you find the right game for yourself or the right game for a gift.  The store is very well lit and the depth and breadth of games and items for kids is amazing.  If you have kids I highly recommend you go and check out Black Diamond Games.

BDG has always been the greatest game store in the Walnut Creek/Concord/Pleasant Hill area (and possibly the East Bay), but since Wizards closed their outlets, and, more recently, Games Workshop closed many of theirs, it is now pretty much the only game store.

They have a broad selection, everything from roleplaying games to miniatures to board games, and even a small selection of comics and toys.  Of course, the reason you should come is the games and gaming.  In addition to the excellent selection, BDG has a huge space in the back with a half-dozen long tables for gaming.  Generally only one to two of them are being used at a time, unless there's a tournament going on (and you'll want to steer clear of tournament days- it becomes a madhouse).

The staff is, for the most part, helpful and informative.  Several of the new clerks seemed somewhat indifferent at first, but I recently had the opportunity to talk to one in the early hours of operation, and he was full of interesting and useful information.  It seems they sometimes get distracted during peak business hours, but my experiences have not been overly negative.

One of the small perks about BDG is the cooler and snack row.  The fridge has all the good stuff: mexican coke, IBC cream soda, IBC root beer, and IBC black cherry.  They also have a variety of energy drinks including a couple vials of Mana and Health.

Overall, provided there's no tournament on, BDG is a great place to spend an afternoon browsing, gaming, and talking shop.

I love this place. The staff is great and they have a lot of different stuff I go in there and look at the new stuff that comes in or get magic cards. Its well priced and has lots of parking if you haven't been there its worth the trip just to look around you will find something you will buy. AWESOME place!!!

Black Diamond Games is a nice, clean store with a friendly staff.  As others have pointed out, they will not jump up to help you if you're wandering around, but - just ask.  The clerk was more than happy to  help me and spent a good amount of time answering my questions.  Game store workers have a bit of a reputation for being elitist or snarky, and sometimes I wont ask for help because I'm not a hard-core gamer and I really don't need that crap, but I took a chance and asked a question and was rewarded with friendly, cheerful service.  And if you're just there to browse, you can do so without a salesman hovering around, which is nice.

I've been to Black Diamond Games several times.  An excellent, broad selection of games &amp; gaming accessories.  The staff is helpful &amp; sociable.  One staff member recently suggested Pathfinder after I was asking about D&amp;D 3.0/3.5.  He wasn't being pushy - just helpful to point me toward some alternatives.

If you are a gamer - serious or casual - you should visit BDG.

The best game store in the known Universe, bar none! (Ok, maybe the best game store in Contra Costa County) I love tuesday night board games (come play for free!) and thursday night and saturday D&amp;D. Come check it out!

BDG is a top-notch gaming store, and is a community hub in the NE Bay area. Gary is always friendly and knowledgable. The new location rocks!

I've only been in the store 2 or 3 times but I have to say that it is always in well ordered shape!  The store front has a great arrangements of boardgames and if you're into D&amp;D, they have a large assortment of both new and old stuff!  It was neat to see some of the modules from AD&amp;D.  In the back, there's a large amount of space for board gaming and table top wargaming (I saw Warhammer 40K being played the day I went).  They have a webiste that displays the days on which things happen so if you're ever wondering when the best time to visit, check them out.  Good place to visit!

A friend and i recently went in to check out the Thursday Game of Thrones card game night.  I've been playing for a while, but only with a handful of other inexperienced friends, so i was a little apprehensive about getting the noob treatment, but my concern turned out to be totally irrelevant.  Sometimes when you go into these places three guys will look up at you from the table like you just walked into their living room.  Here, there was a boisterous, friendly atmosphere.  The guys who were there when we walked in chatted with us while they wrapped up their game and then immediately got us paired off and playing.  They all seemed really interested in building the game's community by encouraging new players, never getting exacerbated when i needed a minute to plan my next move or to be reminded what a particular card did.  As a newcomer to this aspect of the realm of gaming, i couldn't recommend this place more.

I love the fact that the store offers a lot of services other than selling games. They have both D&amp;D encounters and Pathfinder games as well as 40K tournaments and Yugioh games. Store is well stocked and very clean.

Awesome store! Great selection, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and lots of space in the back to play games. The best hobby and games store in the area. :D

A fantastic place! One of the few places you can find independently published RPGs in the area. Always clean and well-lit, it helps dispel the stereotype of the 'gaming store' as a dingy, almost criminal place to patronize.

Their miniatures selection (like Reaper) has taken a downturn in the last few months, but if you want something like GW, they've got plenty of it. 

Their gaming tables in the back are a great addition to the store, but it will get very noisy some nights. Sound-proofing material would be a great addition to help with the cacophony.

The one downside I will state is that if the owner isn't there, the service does take a nose-dive. The staff do enjoy talking to each other, sometimes so much they forget there are customers in the store!

All in all, well worth a trip to go there, especially with Fry's Electronics just a short walk away from them. It's Nerd Heaven!

The store has moved to downtown Concord (next to Fry's).   I found the staff helpful and friendly.

The store is divided in half, with the back part of the store sectioned off for game play.  When I was there, the store was very full.

