Loved these guys!! Husband and wife team that I found some awesome last minute items from for my wedding. Great communication, Martha let me come pick up a piece that my florist needed for measurements beforehand. Everything they was setup on time and they were prompt for pickup. Oh and not to mention the adorable inventory. Very professional!

Looking for another excuse to host an event to use Cedar and Pine again!! They were great:)

I loved working with Cedar and Pine, who provided farm tables for my wedding earlier this month. Martha was a dream to work with: always friendly, flexible with changing plans, and prompt to reply to my emails. As an event planner myself, I was thrilled with the service and products and I will absolutely be referring Cedar and Pine to future clients. Thanks so much!

We could not be happier with our experience with Martha and Cedar &amp; Pine events. They were so helpful throughout the process- letting us come see the tables in advance, being flexible with changes in our order and even making us a beautiful garland from scratch for our arch! The quality is top notch and made our wedding everything we dreamed of!

I could not have gotten luckier than the day I came across Cedar &amp; Pine on Yelp. This company not only has beautiful pieces but is so helpful and professional. I would highly recommend them for any rentals you may need. The furniture exceeded my expectations and I could not be happy with the overall look of my wedding. Thank you Cedar &amp; Pine! XOXO

We can not thank Martha, Matt  and So Lovely Vintage enough! We had such a wonderful experience working with her. We knew from the start we wanted to use the beautiful look of the farm tables at our wedding reception and what SLV had to offer was beyond perfect! From the first moment we met them and looked at the gorgeous tables, we knew it was exactly what we envisioned. The prices were extremely reasonable compared to other companies. The service was great and they were always so prompt and professional with their responses. I would 100% recommend them and can't thank them enough for adding the most perfect &amp; romantic touch to our big day!

Thanks!

Cedar and Pine Events has the best prices in San Diego - hands down. Martha is very friendly and quick to answer emails and calls. They also keep their rental items in excellent condition for their customers.

Five stars! Formerly So Lovely Vintage and now Cedar &amp; Pine. They provided us with 9 beautiful farm tables for our wedding this past weekend, which turned out absolutely amazing - the tables are gorgeous, all home made.  I wanted a more 'vintage' less 'rustic' look for the reception and Cedar &amp; Pines' tables were perfect. Martha is incredibly sweet and accommodating and was very very easy to work with. Cedar &amp; Pine is easily the best and affordable farm table rental in the county.

I used Cedar and Pine Events for my wedding and the tables were absolutely gorgeous! The customer service was stellar as well! Martha is so helpful and friendly. I got rave reviews from our guests about their farm tables, I much prefer them to round tables. Much easier for socializing. I would highly recommend them for your next event!!

I've had a great experience working with Cedar and Pine. From their wood corn hole sets, to their handcrafted banquet style tables they have the highest quality. Also being the cheaper farm table rentals in the San Diego area, I would recommend them for your next event.

If you are in the market for outstanding and beautifully crafted rentals, seriously, look no further. I have to say we had the best vendors for our wedding. One of our favorites was hands down Cedar &amp; Pine Events. Cedar &amp; Pine/Martha and Matt are the sweetest married couple who listened to all my crazy wishes. Our wedding looked incredible with all the special touches of their rentals. They are so responsive, affordable, kind, flexible, they are really the most perfect vendor you want to work with. They even went out of their way to build a couple of items we wanted.  They are so talented.  I promise you will not be disappointed with this couple. Thank you for making one of the best days of our life that much more perfect!

We rented cornhole &amp; jenga for our wedding. We did pick up 2 days before the wedding and drop off 2 days after the wedding with no extra charges. Martha was super nice and so easy to work with! Best price in town for lawn game rentals. Our guests were so excited about the games. Highly recommend!

I cannot recommend Martha and So Lovely more. 
They are exactly the kind of vendors that you would want for your wedding or event, helpful, patient, accommodating, friendly and on time. 

Martha was amazing, from beginning to end she was so sweet and helpful and very personal which counts for a lot in an ocean of cold vendors and businesses. 
We found SLV when looking for farmhouse tables for our wedding. Not only were they the most affordable but they were the best quality that I saw across the board (and I am one of those obsessive researchers). The tables are in perfect condition, they have a beautiful finish and they work really well for any style of event. If you're thinking of raw wood finished rustic tables just remember that there's a fine line between "rustic" look and scrappy! Go with quality. 

When we inquired about whether they had benches Martha responded that they did not currently but then followed up by offering to make them in time for our event and price them against the competition. Who does that?! Someone amazing, seriously. 

Furthermore, due to our own error in the chaos of planning a wedding we ordered one table and bench too few. When they delivered the tables and the planner realized this, Martha and the team turned around and did a last minute mission to get the extras. 

Side note that can actually really matter as well, they do delivery and pickup on weekends, we had a hard time finding any vendors willing to pickup on a Sunday for a small event. 

SLV are the perfect vendors for all of the chaos, budgeting, design and scheduling hiccups that ultimately come with planning a special event. 

Highly highly recommend!

Tables were beautiful! They were easy to work with, flexible with drop off times, and very responsive. The tables were exactly what we hoped for and helped make our venue look great.

Best family owned business we ever encountered.  They worked to make our event PERFECT.  The tables were high quality and everyone commented on them.  Chic vintage.  Martha is a dream.  If done over, I would have rented more cocktail tables as everyone hung around them the most.  We will use them when it comes time for our children's wedding!!

We used Cedar and Pine tables for our son's wedding this past October.  We actually reserved the tables back in December 2015.  I thought for sure they would eventually raise the prices since they're so far under the typical prices charged around the county but they haven't.  Besides tables they carry an array of centerpieces, corn hole, runners, etc.  And their inventory is constantly growing.  We were very pleased with all the communication from reserving the tables, to confirming as the date approached to after the event.  Martha is one of the nicest people you'll meet.  You will be absolutely satisfied and happy when you choose this vendor for your farm table needs.

So lovely vintage has great wedding rentals! Martha is so friendly and easy to work with! She was able to help make my dream reception sight a reality.

I highly recommend So Lovely Vintage for any occasion.  I was at a wedding recently that used them for their tables, decorations, etc., and  I couldn't believe all these beautiful items were from one company AND they delivered, set up, and picked up everything after the wedding. They are truly professional and responsible vendors. The tables and ALL their furnishings are well made and amazing!  Martha and her helpers are people with integrity.  You can't go wrong with them!

So Lovely Vintage has a fantastic selection of wedding rentals to help make your  wedding unique and special!  No detail, no matter how large or small is overlooked.  Martha, the owner, has the uncanny ability, to understand what you need to create the perfect wedding for you - even before you do!  She is also mindful of your budget. Martha is an excellent listener and creative soul with an unbelievable hard work ethic to make your wedding 'So Lovely'!  I highly recommend So Lovely Vintage.

