This is a super neat store, with lots of niche games. The prices on Amazon are a little lower, but I will ALWAYS spend a few extra dollars to support local because this place does far more for the community than Amazon ever will. 
Please consider everything a store like this does to enrich the community before you try to save a few dollars shopping online.
Tabletop stores like this are rare, and I encourage everybody to check it out. Not only can you get excellent recommendations from the staff, try out some of the games before you buy them, and discover all kinds of awesome games you might've never discovered before, but their game nights are amazing. Check out their calendar and show up to one of their events. You'll make so many friends, learn some fun new games, and help support and enrich the community.

I've been here a handful of times and have never had a bad experience. I'm by no means a game playing person but have come in to buy gifts for people and their staff are always friendly and always make me feel welcome. I also appreciate the fact that they don't try to give me the run around on things (I always get my needed info before I go in so I know EXACTLY what I need, anyways) and they seem to be respectful of that. I feel like their pricing is fair for a brick and mortar and I like shopping local. I now automatically come directly to Crazy Squirrel for games.

My previous review said that this place has good selection and options, customer service steadily drove me away. I've been back a few times over the last six months, and there has been improvement, so I am improving my score. I almost didn't update the review just because watching sycophantic reviews roll in to rebut me without any actual useful reviewing put me off, but I think this store deserves a better take. 

In my previous review I mentioned one of the owners, Jennifer, had not been pleasant to me. Subsequent to that review I have interacted with her a number of times and it has been a cordial and friendly experience; whether this is a change in her or I previously encountered her on bad days, I do not know, but it has been nice. The employees are generally friendly, and I haven't run into any kind of bad treatment since then. I went on Free RPG day, and everyone was friendly and patient with my nieces and nephews and we felt welcome. 

In terms of stock, the RPG section is getting a little bare, but I think this had more to do with the market shift towards PDFs and Kickstarters than a lack of attention. The board game and card game selections remain robust, and there looks to be a good set of MTG singles - although I still feel reluctant to buy them in light of my previous experience. 

I don't go to many events at the store, but the schedule looks fairly packed and there are many options. I have attended two Magic prereleases there, and found them to be generally well run and efficient. There is plenty of space to play, it is easy to get snacks, and the people in charge don't play in the tournament while running it, which is a surprisingly uncommon arrangement that I prefer. They can focus on the tournament instead of playing. 

I have run into a standard variety of problem gamers at these tournaments - the too serious gamer, the one who acts like a jerk when he loses, the one who tells you that your victory was basically an accident, etc. This isn't against the store, but be aware that any public event is going to include these kinds of people - but I have played some pretty nice people, too. 

Overall, I feel comfortable coming to the store again. The customer service seems much improved, and it remains the best place to find gaming stuff in the greater Fresno area. I remain committed to updating this review as necessary, but it feels like a good place to go.

My hubby and I came here on recommendation from a friend.  There was some interesting games... We didn't purchase anything on this visit... It was overwhelming as we hadn't heard of any of the games ... Except for one we actually already owned. :). We are gonna do some research and definitely go back once we feel les south of place ;).  The staff was super helpful and a tournament or something was going on in the adjoining room. 

A great place for unique games, for sure.

4 years ago I rated this store poorly.  I have been here more often recently.  The customer service is much, much better.  The staff is friendly.  They run tournaments in a reasonable time.  They accept phone calls when you are running late.  Basically, they are a very good, clean, and well lighted place to play.

I looked for a method to retract my previous review.  This is proof that time heals all wounds.  I hope the service continues to be as good as it has been recently.  Kudos.

This store has been a mixed bag of dice for me. On one hand, they are often over-priced, but on the other, no place in town has such a great selection/variety of games available. They have several gaming volunteers who are all great and polite. Workers on the other hand, can range from a four to a ten. They can be polite and definitely are if they either: recognize you, are familiar with a game they know about, or are in a good mood. I have dealt with I believe five of their workers before and two of them definitely fall within this dependent range. The other three have been actually quite helpful so one's experience can differ greatly. (I've been here when the owner Jen, was in a bad mood/not helpful/rude and I've been here when she's happy and has gone out of her way for me as well, so I guess this balances things out? I did not include her in my rating of the workers.)

My only other complaint (and I admit this one is more of an opinion thing) is that they seem to abhor business competition. Dirty glances and outright refusal if another store is mentioned. I understand business is business but I feel that fostering the gaming community would benefit everyone as a whole rather than just a single store and its followers.

While I am not a fan of the store, I have recommended it to people, taken them here, and spread knowledge about it because of my own belief in wanting to present as many options to as many gamers as possible.

Best game store in town. Huge selection of Magic the Gathering stuff, but they also have games for all ages. Friendly staff, very supportive of local gaming community.

After reading a few of the previous reviews, I was a bit wary of heading into Crazy Squirrel. I was concerned that I, as a general consumer and not a hardcore "gamer," might be treated with some prejudice or some of the poor service that other reviews have listed.

I was surprisingly pleased by my experience, But before I go on, I would like to address my previous reviewers.

Let me be the first to say (as someone who has worked in the service industry for eight years) that people should take reviews with a grain of salt: don't review a human being for their days of mistakes and overwhelming stress. Before you make a comment about poor service, put yourself in that persons shoes: what good does it do them to give you bad service? Isn't it possible that someone made some kind of mistake and they're trying to pick up the mess for you as a consumer to enjoy your experience the most? They're there because they enjoy games, so why would the purposely choose bad service? Give this young business a break, for crying out loud. Let's be less critical, people, and lighten up.

With all of that being said... I absolutely loved my experience at Crazy Squirrel. In fact, I am going back later this evening with a friend to pick out a game for us to play. I told one of the service clerks the things I was looking for in a game, and he did his best to recommend a few options. I courteously declined a few of them, and then he did something that I personally think takes a lot of guts to do: he said that he wanted to let someone else help me that was more experienced. Let me tell you... That is TOUGH to do sometimes. But I will always appreciate honesty and a dedication to the best service possible, over someone who is going to waste my time.

After I found a few games I liked, I spent a good five minutes laughing and chuckling with the employees over game memories and experiences. I was treated like a long-lost buddy, amongst friends.

And I haven't even gotten to the game selection! No store in the world is going to have EVERY game... But the bases of experience were all covered to some degree, and there was always someone who knew the obscure game references I DID make. As far as I'm concerned, this place is the perfect place for someone who loves GAMES to go and visit and explore.

As I said before... I was so thrilled, I will be going back later this evening, as well as for every future Fresno gaming purchase I make.

Great store, they have good deals, great staff, and their weekly MTG tournaments are tons of fun. Probably the best gaming store in Fresno

This review is for game night. It's a night where all the board game needs come together and play games!! Its held on Thursday and oh my goodness I had a blast!! Looking forward to coming back and shopping around the store for unique games ;)

Great store with welcoming and helpful service for your board game needs. They take care to build and foster the boardgaming community by hosting many Boardgaming &amp; RPG meet ups. I've been going here for years, and it's top notch.

I'd like to write an update because crazy squirrel just expanded their store. It's huge, beautiful, has an amazing selection, and their game room (as well as store) are at least double the size they used to be. This is the best place you could ever get any designer board games, card games, etc.

Going to have to update it again and bring this score to 0 if I could. Employees are RUDE. Ordered a list for a deck I wanted and the guy with the beard just complained the whole time about searching for the cards. LMAO Im sorry I gave you $300 in business you prick. Ended up walking AWAY once he pulled all the cards and he called out to me asking if I was going to pay. Pay? I would rather order them all online and wait a week than to ever give this "store" my money. Public announcement to any new shoppers: STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. They disrespect you. Look down on you. And worst of all: their items are overpriced. I only would go here because their items are "organized". Even thats not worth it. Avoid this place like the PLAGUE.

I have been here two times in the past few weeks.  Once with my girlfriend to buy a few things on one of their Friday Night Magic events, and once by myself to buy a game I was interested in.

The first time we went in they had quite a few people in the game room playing, and a fair amount of people on the side where they make the sales.  Even though we had a big transaction and it took a while, they never made us feel rushed, and everyone who worked there was extremely friendly.  When I went yesterday it was right after they opened and they were just as friendly.

They have some good customer loyalty type things, where when you buy a certain dollar amount you get a dice, which can then be exchanged for a larger dice, and then you can trade that in for store credit.  I don't remember exactly how it works and I am probably making it sound more complicated than it is, but basically if you spend money at the store you will eventually get some back in store credit.

We didn't participate in any of the Magic games they had going on (although I would certainly be interested!), but it seemed like they had a pretty good turnout or a regular friday night event, most of the tables seemed to be pretty full.

They also sell some snack food items and beverages, although I don't know if you can take them in to the game room.  But its a nice option if you perhaps had to leave work and go straight there to make it in time.  

All in all this is a pretty nice store, and I hope to frequent it more often.  I like that they offer some sort of event multiple times a week, which for the price you pay versus how long it lasts, really seems like a good bargain if you ask me.

This is a pretty nice gaming store, super spacious. I just stopped on by and didn't game with anyone so I can't comment on the culture of the groups that game here, but a lot is definitely going on here. Just take a look at their big calendar on the wall.

What a great game store.  It is a store that builds community.

Seems like every day there is something going on. It is a great place to meet friends and make brand new ones.

The staff goes out of their way to make sure they help me when I come in (kinda feels like Norm from Cheers).    I have had an out of town guest  tell me how great this store is and how jealous he is.  

CSG is a wonderful place to go and support.  You should try it out for you're self

Very cool spot to find card and board games. The prices may seem high, but that is to be expected when the games they offer won't be found at the big chains.

Best and nicest local game store ever. Seriously! I love going here and buying from Fresno locals.

After reading the negative reviews posted about Crazy Squirrel Game Store that I frequent so often and the wonderful people who run it, I decided I would not let them stand unanswered.

Scott and Jennifer run a phenomenal game store in Fresno, conveniently located on Bullard Avenue next to the 41 off-ramp.  They carry a wide selection of games, including board games of every type, card games (Magic the Gathering, Munchkin, etc.), table-top role playing games (Dungeons &amp; Dragons, Pathfinder and more), and miniatures for war games.

In addition, the store has a customer rewards system that allows you a free game day pass token for every $10.00 that you spend.  You are also able to trade this tokens in during their anniversary month (which I believe is October) for store credit.  

Besides the sheer selection of merchandise, the store has a staff of friendly and knowledgeable employees.  Any game store can carry good games, but not all game stores have a staff that are attentive to the needs of the customers or so ready and willing to help.

My advice to any gamer who lives around Fresno or who might find themselves stopping by in Fresno:  ignore the negative reviews and check out Crazy Squirrel Game Store for yourself to see what a great place it is, and the great people who work there.  It is well worth your time and you will be more than pleasantly surprised.

This store is exactly what I was looking for. My 10 y/o son and I recently attended a tournament for a game that we had only been playing about 1 week. There were nearly 60 people in the tournament, and we were both treated both fairly and as though we were welcome. The shop is small, but you can tell that it's a great place. Every employee I've encountered at the shop is extremely helpful and knows a good amount about a wide variety of games. From great solitaire recommendations to fun family games.

I WILL be going back.

Great community, friendly owners and a nice clean environment. You couldn't ask for a better store.

If you are into gaming and live in the Central Valley of CA, this is a great store to go to. Clean, reasonably priced, large variety of board/card/miniature games, and a huge gaming area that is clean and neat. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable. They hold regular game nights and tournaments so call to find out!

I absolutely love this store. The staff is always friendly and always make great recommendations to those who are interested in games but not sure what to buy. They are also some of the easiest people to work with. I go there about once a week and I've always had a good experience. There always seems to be some sort of gaming going on in their game room. I would say that their prices are really high but I don't mind putting my money into this store to see it continue to prosper.

I've been here several times and every time the staff has gone above and beyond to help me. First time a friend and I were thinking of getting a minidisc game but weren't sure and asked a few questions. The clerk at the counter actually let us play with a demo kit which sold me. Then recently I went in with some questions about Magic the Gathering. The clerk (Brian maybe?) actually sat down with me and ran me through a game and gave me some cards to play with. I wound up buying some more as I was more than impressed with the service. Will definitely be coming back here more often.

Long time board game/miniatures player that moved back into town. Was surprised to find that a new gaming store was around. Staff has been helpful, friendly and knowledgeable - even when I've been dithering without buying something for 20+ minutes. They support a pretty wide variety of games and keep a public schedule up listing the events they have every day. The ability to occasionally drop in and play a board game we bought or brought in with my wife is fantastic.

Good gaming store. Large, diverse selection. Fair prices. Helpful staff.

