After staying at the Disneyland Hotel back in August, my husband and I were sold on Disney Hotels for sheer convenience. 

Before that trip, we'd either 
a. made day trips to Disney/gone back home once the day was done
b. stayed in hotels/motels nearby
c. used Air BnB

We only wanted to visit CA Adventure this time around, so we stayed one night.

There is nothing fancy about Paradise Pier. The room we got was standard, and it wasn't fancy at all. However, like I said above---you stay at a Disney Hotel for the convenience.

The hotel was nicely decorated for Christmas, the front desk staff was super nice, and we got a "free" upgrade to a room that overlooked CA Adventure instead of the parking lot.

I honestly don't know how families foot the bill for this, and I now know why my parents booked us rooms at Motel 6 and other places nearby when we came to Disneyland as kids. If anything, taking vacations as an adult has made appreciate everything my parents did for me as a kid!

This review is difficult to write because Disneyland is my favorite place to vacation and I want so badly to believe staying "on property" is better than other hotels. 

Cons
- we were told when purchasing the vacation package that one perk was to be able to enter the park through a special entrance of the Grand Californian Hotel. We learned upon arrival that the front entrance to the GCH could only be used by their guests. Instead we had to walk all the way around and through DD in order to enter the park. 
- we decided to stay an extra night so we could enjoy the park one more day and it took several visits to the front desk, calls to Walt Disney Travel, and calls to the front desk to finally get the last night reserved. It was a major pain and constant disruption of our day in the park.
- there was no Disney Wow factor. It was a scaled down hotel at an overpriced rate.

Pros
- the lounge staff were all very friendly and helpful whether we were ordering drinks in the evening or breakfast in the morning. They went above and beyond and represent the brand 
- there was an arcade in the first floor that the kids got to enjoy during our downtimes 
- the Christmas decorations WOW'd us 
- the room was clean and the daybed was very easy to use 

Ultimately, I find that staying at one of the Marriott hotels across the street brings all the same benefits and distance from park in addition to being treated as a special guest and enjoying the fun themed rooms (Marriott's rooms are more fun!). Use the money saved to do other neat stuff in the park that will create memories.

This is a beautiful hotel that is on the lower end of the 3 official Disney Hotels in Anaheim. The rooms are very average and clean. The price is a little high for just an average room. 
We chose to pay for a concierge room which included: free DVDs  rentals, breakfast, snacks, appetizers and drinks, and desserts. The extra fee for the extras was not necessarily worth it. The breakfast was subpar. It included an assortment of danishes, bagels, hard boiled eggs, and fruit. No hot choices at all. The snacks were good: cookies, chips, and drinks. The appetizers were yummy: uncrustables,  cheese, crackers, wine, beer, etc. The desserts were kind of gross. They use to have fruit tarts that were fabulous. Last night there were macaroons, chocolate cookies, cakepops, and some jello cups. All were gross except the macaroons. My kids thought the cake pops were too fudgy and sweet. 
The walk from the hotel to the park was a pain. We use to be able to cut through the Grand Californian,  but not anymore. So sad. We paid a lot of money too. We should be able to take a short cut too.
In the future, I would only pay for this hotel if I got a good deal. They need to build a direct entrance from the Paradise Pier hotel to DCA.

Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel makes up a trifecta of official Disney hotels near the Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure theme parks. This one is located the farthest from the actual park entrances, so it has quite a long walk to the front gates. But it also has the biggest rooms, according to Disney hotel insiders. 

Overall the hotel is quite nice, affordable, and clean with spacious rooms and some even include a view of the Paradise Pier section of the California Adventure park. If you have one of these rooms, you'll get to see the World of Color right from your windows! 

However, the pool area is lackluster, especially compared to the other two official Disney hotels in the area. And the elevator situation is abysmal. The elevators are small and work on an automated system, so you call the elevator by using a touchpad to signify what floor you need and are then assigned to one of four elevators. The issue is that these elevators become incredibly slow and crowded at key times in the day (mornings, evenings, check-in, check-out times). 

There is a small Disney store in the lobby for souvenirs and snacks, and a restaurant called the PCH Grill that has a character breakfast in the mornings and a buffet dinner in the evenings.

Last trip to the PPH was really rather good except for the housekeeping and some of the cast members.  Otherwise the previous review is very true.  
THIS time the problems we had before have disappeared.  This 5 star rating is truly earned.

Stayed at Paradise pier December 10 checked out December 11.

The staff from check-in, the shoreside lounge, the gift shops, and bell desk staff were all great cast members. I'm sorry I didn't collect all their names. I really love the concept of the Shoreline lounge and feel like we will be more likely to come back to the Paradise Pier from now on, rather than Disneyland Hotel or Grand Californian.

The Shoreline lounge is a combination of a bar/Restaurant and self service facility for heating up and serving food you bring from home. When you have four people in a room with 2 beds and 1 desk chair, how do you eat dinner?  When I called about a microwave, I was informed kindly that there was one in the shoreline lounge. It was more than I expected, very comfortable bench seat/ chair combo tables and it was totally fine to bring in two big cooler bags and heat up 4 different things in the microwave at a well thought out station with plates, utensils and sauces and ice water and cup station.

We had a great time at time at Disney's Paradise Hotel. The proximity to the parks was just right. Our room looked great. Bathroom looked great, very clean, well kept. Baseboards, carpet and furniture was clean. The outside of our windows needed a good scrub but overall it didn't hinder anything. 

The best thing about this hotel was, how quiet the hotel is. I expected to hear kids, babies crying and the slamming of doors and we heard absolutely nothing. And believe me, there was a a ton of kids. 

In he lobby, to the right is where you check in. On the right is where you can find guest services. This hotel offered free wi-fi. Great thing about he wi-if is that it works well and you didn't have to renew your usage every 2 hours. Each adult received their own room key. The key had our first and last names, and the dates we were staying at the hotel. We got a ton of tips from Rachelle. She recommended shows, ideas and reminded us about the AP event happening. She then gave us a map and drew on the map our different routes to take, dependent on where we were going. 

We were able to walk across the street and through the Grand Floridian Hotel to go through the special Disney California Adventure entry and we received our anytime, anything fast passes. We had an amazing view of the park and enjoyed watching; California Screamin and Mickey's Fun Wheel move around.
We would definitely stay here again.

The location of this hotel resort is prime! It's nestled between California Adventure, the i5 freeway, and down town Disney. Quick and easy to get to and centrally located. 

The Staff were warm and friendly and truly know everything there is to know about Disney, it's theme parks, events, special places to visit and great places to eat and cool places to shop. I was thoroughly impressed by the high level of service that we received here it made me not want to leave. 

The outdoor bar next to the pool-
It was a full service bar equipped with an alcohol drink menu (the mango margarita I had was not only on point with just enough alcohol content but it was very flavorful as well). The bar was located next to the pool but a stones throw away from our room so that was so cool. Not only did they sell alcohol drinks but they also provided a variety of snacks and non alcohol beverages. 

The pool - it was an average size pool full of lots of people as it was a hot sunny day. There was also a jacuzzi, a kiddie pool and a beyond awesome water slide that I at 38 years of age thoroughly enjoyed . My only suggestion is that there be a time for adult swim and that the rules for no kids in the jacuzzi be enforced that would be my only criticism. 

The room- the room was very very clean, our bathroom was stocked appropriately with toiletries, we also had a fridge and microwave and the cutest patio that led to the pool area ... This place is primo!! 

The beach comber club- you pay extra for access to this exclusive room that you need to show your room key in order to gain entrance to it. Once inside your greeted by awesome people who strive to ensure your experience there is a pleasant one. There are an endless supply of snacks and drinks some adult ones too at different intervals during the day. So when the kids or your spouse start to complain about being hungry or thirsty or in need of something sweet or tasty to snack on send them right on over there!! 

The restaurant below offered a variety of food to eat. On our last day we attempted to try the breakfast Buffett however the wait was entirely too long. May I suggest that hotel patrons get first dibs but that's also an indicator that the food there was really good I just wish we had an opportunity to try it.

The store inside the lobby was full of Disney trinkets to take home, toys and clothes as well they had a good variety. 

Parking - was not far from the hotel at all however it was costly if you weren't a patron luckily we were. 

The elevator- took forever in most cases not sure what was up with that but man oh man did it take a long time to get up an go down. 

Overall this place was awesome and I will most definitely bring my family here when we return in December

This place is an overpriced tourist trap. Save your money and go to the Hilton near the convention. I decided to celebrate my 31st birthday here and the only thing they offer is a button which you can get in the park either way. I was told I could drop off my bag and they would leave it in my room when I came back from the park,  it wasn't.  I had to call down and wait for it and tip a bell hop for a small carry-on. At least at the Hilton they wrote me a card and gave me a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. I also paid over $100 per night less at the Hilton. The elevator was broken and took over 20 minutes to get one. So so much for getting in early. I finally get over to the massive line for California adventure and it is hundreds of people deep for the Grand California entrance.

The rooms are 2 to 3 star quality. You can hear every noise and cars going by on the 6th floor. The walls are very thin and I'm not a light sleeper. I woke up at least 5 times of sirens and car noises. You can also hear every person walking down the hallway. The rooms are dirty. They miss in the deep clean areas like the corners. The shower also doesn't get very hot at maximum. 

 I'm stuck here until Thursday and feel upset for treating myself. I thought Disney loved orphans.

We had to stay one night here because of a dinner function. It was pretty pricey! For a Saturday night we paid $320! We actually saved $8 for the parking. Parking here overnight is $18 a day!!!  Our function was in the pacific ballroom and it was very nice &amp; we had great dinner service, but restrooms were on the second floor!!! As far as the hotel room, very dated! It really caters to family's with children. It even has a crib in the closet. The room design was very dated and just didn't look like  a $300/night type room. I guess you are paying for convenience if you are planning to visit the parks. But as far as the rooms, it's not very nice. Elevators are not efficient.  Hotel staff are very nice but the hotel itself does not feel worth it at all.

My wife and I booked a standard room for a one night stay at Paradise Pier. We wanted to stay near Disney's California Adventure park on October 12, 2016 and this hotel fit the bill.  
Upon checkin they asked to see an ID and a credit card for room incidentals and parking. I gave them my retired military ID which the receptionist paused, looked over thoroughly, said thank you for your service, then said one second sir. She typed a lot of info in, then gave us our keys (room 1516) and said nothing more. 
When we arrived at our room we found we were given the Malibu Suite overlooking all of Disneyland!  We were shocked as this room was an obvious upgrade and was the largest most luxurious room we'd ever stayed in. 
Thanks so much for a wonderful experience Disney!!! I'll never forget it!!!

This was my first time staying here at The Paradise Pier Hotel. First off the view is AMAZING!!!!! Overlooking California Adventure we had a clear view of the World of Color night show. The rooms are super clean. Compared to the Disneyland hotel (which by the way is more expensive) Paradise Pier is definitely cleaner and more "Disney".

With a name like Paradise Pier Hotel, the guest would expect to be lavished with luxury especially given the price for a night of stay.  While the accommodations are not terrible, the hotel is sort of a let down.

As one of the three Disney hotels offered close to the parks, Paradise Pier's greatest perk is the proximity of the hotel to the park.  It is also the cheapest of the three hotels.  However,  cheap is relative given that the given cost for a night is easily more than $250.  Otherwise, the hotel has amenities that are standard to Disney hotels including a pool (with a water slide!), 24 hour gym, great customer service, wi fi, showers, and arcade.  In terms of actual presentation, it is beach themed but some of the furnishings look dated.

At the end of the day, does the proximity and the relative cost make it worth a stay?  I would say if you are traveling with a whole family and plan to stay couple of days this could be a good option without going in and out.  Given the cost of parking of Disneyland, you are likely going to waste more money that way anyway. Or if you are at a local hotel, you would waste valuable time waiting for the local trams.  If you are local and don't mind, your money could be better spent elsewhere.

Overall, the Paradise Pier Hotel is a pricey motel that could be an okay option if you do not want to worry about traveling to far from the park.

I stayed here for the first time with my mom in February 2016.  

The check-in was fast as the cast member was very helpful in answering all my questions.  As this was the first time staying on property. 

Pro:
(1) Breakfast with Mickey and Friends on site;
(2) can watch the fireworks from the pool deck with the sound of the show; 
(3) convenience to Downtown Disney and the parks;
(4) beach theme rooms.

Con: 
(1) the elevators can be a bit slow depending on the time of day.

I didn't give a full 5-stars as I didn't use all the facilities/options offered.  But all in all, I would definitely stay here again

One star for the amazing view. That is the only reason we didn't just up and leave this hotel. I wanted to be able to watch 'World of Color' and the fireworks from our room at night and this hotel served that purpose. We stayed in room 1200 from Sept 10-13, 2016.

It is on the Disney property but the furthest walk of any of the hotels. Add in waiting and waiting for the elevators and you'll feel like you are further from Disney then you were expecting.

Here is the real problem: dirty, dingy and dated. The main lobby was okay, no real problems. There are three elevators for 15 floors (unless there are more somewhere else that isn't obvious) plus one 'glass elevator' that has an obstructed view of the theme park. This elevator is the slowest of them all, very small and smells bad. Definitely needs a good cleaning.

In the room the furniture appeared very old with lots of scratches, the air conditioner was very loud and there were many areas that need serious improvement. For instance, the carpet is overly worn and stained and thus I was nervous to let my infant crawl around on it. In the bathroom, the grout has turned brown and has stains all over it. The wall paper is separating from the walls and the shower head is so low that it will be awkward for anyone over 5 foot. The baseboards in the bathroom were disgusting.

To top off all of this, we were woken a few time each night by a banging sound that was like somebody hitting a metal pipe with a baseball bat. We were right next to the stairs so I am not sure if that had anything to do with it but it was coming from that direction. There was also an air exchanger outside our room that was loud and caused a draft to come in under our door. We ended up putting a towel down at the base of the door to keep the cold air out.

We did not visit the pool but looking down from the 12th floor we could see the dirt on the pool deck. No thank you!

If you are expecting Disney quality, do not expect to find it at this location.

We usually stay at the Grand Californian, but due to construction they were unable to accommodate. That place is 5 stars all the way. This beach themed Embassy suites is an embarrassment to Disney family lodging! I don't mind paying the already ridiculous pricing for the their premium hotels, but this feels like a motel 6 that goofy decorated. They don't get a total 1 star because they are still very professional and tried their best for polish this turd of a hotel. We originally booked a king with a sleeper sofa but Were forced to upgrad to a room with a view (to get the king bed we already had and could not accommodate) of the world of color and the fire works. There were no fire works and the world of color was being rebuilt. So thanks for that. We were upsold to the "concierge room" for complimentary beer/wine and cheese in the evening and a continental breakfast in the morning. My corona out of a bottle was as expected, but the breakfast was awful. Some of the worst coffee I've ever had. What am I paying for??? Upgrade to awful coffee and a view of nothing. We came back from the park at 9:30pm dead tired and opened the sleeper for the little one. NO SHEETS. Awesome. To top it off, they over billed us by over $700 for tickets to the park. I don't want to deal with this while on vacation. Not to mention, there is ZERO geographical advantage over the non Disney hotels for 1/4 of the price. And I'm not comparing to a 3 star hotel. There are far nicer places and the walk is the same distance. It's Grand Californian or bust for us. AND (this is not reflected in the rating because a hotel cannot control this) we had someone trying to get into our room at 11:30 while drunk and yelling. I thought it was a dream, but was informed that it happened. NEVER AGAIN.

Paradise Pier Hotel isn't a bad place to stay given its proximity to Disneyland and California Adventure, but isn't necessarily the best value. 

It's understandable why Paradise Pier is the cheapest of the Disneyland hotels (with prices starting at $259), as the hotel lacks the amenities and character of its neighbors across the street.  Even if the hotel is generally well-maintained, you can tell that Disney purchased and refurbished a pre-existing property to create this hotel.  For instance, at the Grand Californian Hotel, you'll enter an impressive lobby with soaring ceilings, massive fireplaces, and a rustic feel.  At Paradise Pier Hotel, the lobby isn't particularly memorable.  Nevertheless, the hotel's theme - a beach boardwalk - is readily apparent in decorations throughout.  Our double room was clean and comfortable, but comparable to other three star hotels in the area.  (The mini-fridge was definitely a plus!)  There's a great view of California Adventure from one side of the hotel, but to fully enjoy that you'll have to pay a premium. The staff was, for the most part, friendly, but I found the cleaning staff more affable than the reception desk. 

There's a small fitness center with 24/7 access and several pools (and water slide) to meet whatever needs you and your family might have.  Self-parking is available for $18 per night while valet parking is available for $28 per night.  While you don't have to leave the hotel to find food (there's several restaurants in the hotel), you can definitely find cheaper options if you're willing to drive beyond the immediate area.  Keep an eye out for special deals for annual pass holders if you're looking to save a few bucks or get special perks.

Are any of the Disney hotels worth the premium price?  Probably not.  But, if you're looking for the Disney experience (character dining, magic morning, extra fast passes) at a more affordable price, then Paradise Pier is probably your best bet.

We've been here 4 days and no housekeeping service.  We called frequently over the last 2 days and, of course, they promised to come, but never showed.  So now we have no towels, no tissue, no toiletries - We're in 3 adjacent rooms and they haven't serviced any of our rooms.  It's 11:30p...We've been waiting an hour for them to bring towels based on our last conversation... Housekeeping is no longer answering their phone and their voicemail isn't accepting messages... 

They also have a new elevator system which is completely chaotic  - and no stairs at the lobby.

Cost-effective Disney accommodations.  Recommended for families and DVC members.


DVC Points
---
We have been Disney Vacation Club (DVC) members for 13 years, and wanted to have a summer vacation in LA.  We looked into the posh Grand Californian hotel, but it required way too many points.  The Disneyland Hotel was fully booked, but we found vacancy at Paradise Pier at an affordable point cost.

We paid 165 DVC points for Paradise Pier (5 nights) and had a view overlooking the pool.  PP is 33 points per night during regular season, while DL Hotel is 43 and the Grand Californian is 50.


Comparison to other Disney Hotels
---
Comparing Disneyland hotels to the Walt Disney World hotels in Florida, The Grand Californian is very close to the Wilderness Lodge (picturesque lobby, multiple room choices and lodge/camp theme), DL Hotel is similar to the Contemporary (monorail and oldest on property), and PP would compare to Port Orleans (still considered a premium resort, but removed from the action).


Location
---
To put the location in perspective, all 3 Disneyland hotels are easy walking distance to the parks.  The DL Hotel is located at one end of the Downtown Disney shopping/restaurant area (the parks are at the other end), Grand Californian is right next to the California Adventure park, and PP is just across the street from the Grand Californian.  PP is the second-closest Disney hotel to the parks, although a monorail ride can get you to Disneyland from the DL Hotel.  If you know where the Simba Parking Lot is located near DLH and Downtown Disney, PP is on the front side of that parking lot.

The only bad thing about PP is it feels like the red-headed step child.  Downtown Disney is a 5 minute walk from PP, but DD is right next to the other two Disney hotels.


Parking
---
PP has a parking garage on the backside of the hotel and normally charges $18 a day.  We were able to get our parking for free as a DVC perk.  Awesome!


Disney Theming
---
People normally stay at a Disney resort to get a little bit more of the park magic where they stay.  PP has a Disney beach theme, similar to what we have seen at our home DVC Beach Club resort in Florida.  The rooms are lightly beach-themed and the restaurant plays beach music while the kids dance with the characters.  At night, you can watch the Disneyland fireworks near the pool while the park music is piped-in over the speakers.

Kids will meet Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Daisy and Pluto for breakfast in the ground-floor restaurant.  Get your reservations in advance.

There is also a small TV room on the ground floor showing Disney cartoons and a small gift shop selling your favorite Disneyland souvenirs.


Dining
---
Another perk you want at a Disney resort is close access to great Disney restaurants...at least that is what you get in Florida and you do get that somewhat at DL.  If you do a Yelp search for the best restaurants in Anaheim, only two DL restaurants make the list and they also happen to be the most expensive (Club 33 and Napa Rose).  This is unfortunate, as DLs overall subpar food quality is only one dimension of the Disney Dining experience.

PCH grill is located in the ground floor of PP, but their dinner buffet was very expensive for what was offered (ribs, hamburgers, and hotdogs).  There are also some meal options at the hotel bar.  We decided to skip dinner at the hotel and try other options. 

You are at DL to have fun, so enjoy the service that is normally excellent and focus on some fun food experiences.  PP has a character breakfast at PCH Grill that is great for the kids.  If you can't get into PCH Grill, there are breakfasts at the DL Hotel and the Grand Californian.  Downtown Disney has a good sandwich shop, pizza joint, and tasty bakery.

If you have park tickets, I also recommend getting a reservation at Blue Bayou in DL next to the water to see the Pirates ride go past while you eat a Monte Cristo.  The wine country atmosphere at Wine Country Trattoria is also nice.  Turkey legs and Dole Whips cannot be missed.

If you can venture close by car, Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Anaheim is a quick 5 minute drive and highly recommended.


Hotel Pluses
---
PP has a small exercise room with weights, treadmills, and elliptical machines.  There is also a concierge room that offers breakfast (we were not one of the lucky parties to enjoy that).  A vending machine on the main floor has ice cream.  The room had a small fridge that we were able to stock with bottled water for the park and restaurant leftovers. My wife also enjoyed the hotel top pool area on the 3rd floor. The size of our room was nice, and PP claims to have the largest rooms of the 3 DL hotels.  Don't forget to take advantage of the Disney hotel early park admission perk.


Summary
---
On our next stay at Disneyland, we would stay at PP again, possibly the Grand Californian if we stay for a short time.  Although the DL Hotel is larger than PP, I do not think it is worth the higher cost.

We decided to splurge and stay at one of the resort hotels, but don't make our mistake. We were disappointed by the Paradise Pier hotel for the following reasons: 
1. It was a long walk all the way through Downtown Disney to get to the entrance to the parks -- no shuttle, no monorail (except midway through Downtown Disney to Tomorrowland)
2. The Extra Magic Hour was only for California Adventure for the 2 days of our stay, and the rides that we wanted to go on in Cars land were not operating and we could not even get Fast Passes, so not sure the Extra Magic Hour was helpful. 
3. The pool was small, and the slide was not very special - my kids went on it twice and they were done. 
4. The hotel itself is run down: peeling wallpaper, the toilet ran and ran, and the AC had a faint smell of smoke (which the hotel told us they would repair after we left.) 
5. The staff was not very friendly or helpful... and we never even saw any characters or anything that made the hotel special. We have stayed at non-Disney Hotels that have been much more kid friendly! 
Next time, we will do what we have done in the past -- stay in an off site hotel across from the main entrance!

Skip this place. Shabby, not convenient.  Overpriced.  Room is clean, staff is fine but there is none of the Disney magic I would have expected.

Sheraton Anaheim is much, much nicer.

View from the room was incredible. You can see world of color show from the room and turn on audio from the TV. Hotel is kid friendly. Waterside in pool area. Indoor beachy theme area with movies playing for kids, an arcade. Clean hotel!

For a Disney hotel that is conveniently located just across the street from the park, I expected Paradise Pier to be Disney sensory overload, but sadly, it wasn't. We were recording our kids' expression as we first walked into the resort since this was all of our first time staying at a Disney resort, and besides the goofy statue when you walk in, that's really the only noticeable "Disney" character. 

Let's start with the PROS:

Extremely convenient since its literally across the street from downtown Disney and direct entrance to California Adventure. We went with Concierge and it was worth it with kids. Exclusive only to people who paid for the concierge, you're in a private room with a representative who can get info, book tickets, reservations, and answer all disney related questions, along with rent out DVD's. They have a TV with Disney movies playing all day. Mornings have light breakfast (fruit, boiled eggs, muffins, pastries, cereal, drinks). The highlight was the evening unlimited beer and wine, cheeses, snacks, etc. especially after walking the park all day. Also, all guests who are staying at the Disney properties get into the park an hour earlier than the general public. Our room overlooked California so while the kids were exhausted and sleeping, we were able to enjoy World of Color show, while they had a tv channel dedicated to broadcasting the sounds/music from the show. The pool and hot tub area gets a full day of sun and is out of the wind. We were in the park when the fireworks went off, but I'd imagine the view from the pool area is just as amazing. The rooms were clean, plenty of towels available, and during our first night, we came back to the room to find some mickey chocolate dip rice crispy treats. Parking is also conveniently close to the hotel. 

CONS:

Lack of the "Disney Experience" and feel in the main lobby. Nothing really exciting for the kids to see or any real entertainment (besides the arcade room and pool). No frills or real thrills about this hotel. You're really paying to be right next to the park. Elevators were slow... stood in line for 10 minutes one evening, or half of the time, when the elevator got to your floor, it was already full. Not sure what detergent they use on the towels but they come extra dry and border line stiff. I know this is being nit picky, but the beds aren't that comfortable either.

Recommendation: If you have a family and you plan on visiting the park, get the concierge. You can get the kids fed in the morning and be on your way when the park opens. Pure convenience... they can also fill up your water bottles to bring into the park as well.

Nothing special...
You would think staying at a hotel on Disney soil would be different than most hotels or motels...wrong. The beds are uncomfortable. The service is average. And the rooms are the same as any motel.

Cons - 

The elevators were enough to drive me crazy . They were extremely small and we almost always had to wait 5-10 minutes every time we got in one as only a couple people can fit at a time (and a stroller .. forget it .. ) 

The couch beds in the room are like concrete and not big enough for an adult 

We had a reservation for breakfast with Mickey at the restaurant in hotel . Even with a reservation , we still had a long wait . Inside was a not so great buffet and characters wearing old and faded costumes. Luckily my kids are too young too notice stuff like that. I will say the characters were very nice and my kids enjoyed it .

The hotel is general feels very old and outdated . I guess that's what you get when you stay at Disney's "moderate " resort (their words ) this being said , my 1 bdrm was $1300/night 

After checking out , the valet pulled my new
Car up with the door scratched and dented . The valet staff was extremely nice and apoplectic and even admitted that my car came in without dents and the valet ticket showed this as well . They called a manager over, Stephanie W.  She was extremely rude , unprofessional , and unapologetic . She said they would not be taking responsibility and that I needed to file a claim . When I asked her if I can take a picture of the valet tag showing my car came in with no dents , she very rudely said " we will not be providing you with that" . What a great way to deal with a frustrating situation.

Pros- close to the park 
Although it is the farthest of the 3 hotels 

There is an arcade in the hotel which is nice , however a handful of games were not working 

The shop in the hotel was large

We just stayed at this hotel in February 2017 for the first time and absolutely loved it!  We had access to a special room that serves food all day and you can come and go à you please between 6am to 8pm.  You can even come in and take the food out, no problem. Between 7pm and 8pm you can also get beer and wine!  There's also a Nespresso machine with all the bell's and whistles. You pay a premium price for this but in the long run, I think you can save a lot of money on food.  
The employees here are really nice, super nice! On our 5 day stay there was only 1 slightly grumpy security guard, but aside from that, everyone was super pleasant! We will be back!

Spent a day here with my friend and her nephews, and I have to say that for a Disney property, we were underwhelmed. The room was just average, pool area - very average. No food or drink service, at least this time of year, and food on property was pretty average. Main advantage of staying here is the monorail directly into the park, but that was broken, and it was a longer walk to the park than you'd have from many non-Disney hotels, and no discount offered. Disappointing.

The concierge room at Paradise Disney Hotel has a room that, for 35 a day keeps on bringing goodies. All of you know how many hundreds of dollars you can spend dining at Disney, not to mention my favorite, Napa Rose.
But this room has something called "carnitas quesadillas" mini flour tortilla quesadillas filled with some delicious stuffing reminiscent of Jack in The Box , but not at all.. with a salsa that will knock your socks off... addicted!

13/100 The Paradise Pier Hotel used to be a Marriott before Disney purchased and disneyfied it.  I spent the weekend with my friend for a Disney bachelorette party. Outside it's pretty standard hotel-ness and inside as well. The pool has a fantastic slide, which is fun for kids, or those who are kids at heart, and plenty of poolside seats, with an area that is off to the side away from the action of the pool. The pool isn't that large, so expect some kid splashing. Hahah! 

We stayed in a suite which has two rooms, and two bathrooms. The pull out couch isn't very comfortable so it was good that we brought an air mattress. You kind of forget that you're at Disney while you're there until you see that Mickey is on the toiletries. Or until you get to the first floor where the gift shop is overflowing with all things Disney and you see glimpses of Stitch, Minnie and the gang at the PCH Grill buffet!

If you're planning days in the park, it is a great idea to take advantage of the free continental breakfast and happy hour with free appetizers, beer and wine. You can even load up on snacks to take into the park or in your room (bags of chips, crackers, uncrustables sandwiches, cookies, fresh fruit, etc). Which we did all weekend. You can even bring plastic sandwich bags if you're really on a budget! Each person needs a room key to enter. You can also rent Disney movies for free to watch in your room here. That is, if you didn't get enough Disney from the parks. I think this is a nice little vacation spot if you're planning a Disney vacation. It is a bit more affordable than the Disney Hotel and especially the Grand Californian, so I would recommend it if you are planning on needing to spend money elsewhere. Like for the popcorn, churros, lobster nachos, lobster rolls, fried chicken...  Why is every expenditure food for me? Hah ;)

FREE WI-FI and parking is included with your stay (even though the sign reads $18/day).

Not sure what Big Kahuna Family of the Day is but we were it!!  We got upgraded to a park view room...amazing view!! What a cool bonus and it really made us feel special! It was really neat to see DCA from that perspective...definitely worth the extra cost but thankful we didn't have to pay it.  Arrival was just okay as the valet guys were chatting and took their time welcoming us.  Check in was super friendly and we were given a birthday button right away after answering the special occasion question. They also told us that we were welcome to watch the Disneyland fireworks display from their 3rd floor pool area.  The pool and patio were really nice although we didn't use it.  The waterslide looked so fun.  We were disappointed, however, that the lobby Goofy statue was missing. He is one of my son's favorite characters and we had actually booked this hotel based on that. We were told a corny excuse... that Goofy was out surfing and would be back in the morning (more disappointment when he wasn't)... thankfully we stayed two nights and he finally did appear on Day Two.

The room was nice and had a refrigerator which is appreciated when you have a child around.  The decor was fun and beachy Disney.  I thought for sure that it would be so loud because of all the kids staying there but the room was surprisingly quiet and we didn't hear any banging or screaming the entire time.

The other great thing was that my son had chosen his character meal to be with Chip &amp; Dale at the Storytellers Cafe BUT because the on site PCH Surfside Grill has glass windows he was able to peek in during a character dinner and see Donald, Mickey &amp; Minnie on the way back to DCA one evening.  What a nice treat that was!

I loved that this hotel had a coffee bar and food served until midnight in a cozy little area and also that they had such a large store so that we were able to make a lot of souvenir purchases right where we were staying.

Another disappointment was the Magic Morning special entrance.  When we got out there we were told it was a half hour wait just to get inside!  That would have wasted half the magic morning so we walked all the way around to the main entrance which means staying here to take advantage of that was pretty much useless.  It is nice if you go back and forth a lot.  Still quite a walk to get there either way.

Overall though, a good experience here and I highly recommend staying here if you have a little one!

While I very much enjoyed my stay, I think it was tainted due to the fact that I've stayed at the Disneyland Hotel as well as the Grand Californian. In comparison, Paradise Pier is a let down but on it's own it was good.

The biggest problem is the lack of theming. In the lobby there's a single Goofy statue and that's really it. The nightly movies are in a very, very small little room with seemed like an afterthought to be honest. 

Still, the service was typical Disney and by that I mean excellent. I was booked in quickly and my room was even ready earlier in the morning. I found the bed to be comfortable and the hotel itself to be very clean.

I did not think much of the concierge service, however. The snacks are generic and were moved to a large room that made me feel uncomfortable to sit in for to long with few other people in there.

If you are going to California Adventure remember that the Grand Californian has a special entrance into the park. This will save you a huge amount of walking if you going in there at the beginning of the day or leaving at the end.

If you are looking to stay at the Disney hotel I recommend the extra money for the Disneyland Hotel or if you want to treat yourself the Grand Californian. As much as I did like it here I won't be back to this particular hotel.

We stayed here for our wedding anniversary in August. A wonderful lady named "Dusty" (from what I saw on her name tag) helped us check in. She was so pleasant and so wonderful to work with during the check-in. She asked about the reason for our stay and was so excited to hear that we were staying with them for our anniversary. She got us a few goodies to help us celebrate our stay! After an entire day of hanging out at both parks (California Adventure and Disneyland) we were treated to a bed decoration of rose petals and swans  in the shape of a heart (made from towels) and chocolates :) it was such a nice surprise and made our day! We LOVED our stay, our room was amazing, the view was awesome and the service was immaculate!

 Would definitely stay here again! Thank you SO MUCH!

We spent one night at the hotel and we're thrilled. We live local and went for a stay cation. They took special care to make sure it was special for us. The hotel was classic and pristine and the staff wonderful.

Noelle's Yelp Notebook 2015

Paradise Pier Hotel is one of the three Disney Hotels located in Anaheim, California. We already booked our vacation stay at the Grand Californian Hotel when I decided last minute that I wanted to come into Anaheim a day early. Went online and booked our room with ease.

Upon arrival we were greeted by the friendly valet people. They took our luggage and gave us a ticket for our car. They even offered a ride in their golf cart to the Disneyland Hotel as we had dinner reservations that night at Steak 55. Being that is was windy and a tad chilly, we opted to do valet when we arrived for our dinner at Steak 55. Bottom line is the Valet at Paradise Pier Hotel was exceptional from start to finish.

When you enter the foyer you'll see the front desk on your left and a giant statue of Goofy with a surfboard in the middle of the foyer. They also have an elevator that only goes up (meaning when you're on the other levels 2 and above you cannot access this elevator to go down to the lobby). We opted for the standard room with no frills. We waited a while when the hubs checked us in because the front desk was a little slow. The front desk staff made sure we had a room on a high level floor.

The room was exceptionally clean. The bell hop staff brought our luggage up promptly. The beach and pier decor was adorable. The only issue I had at this hotel was the fact that the walls were thin. You could hear the occasional crying baby and kids running down the hallway (I'm guessing The Grand Californian has better sound proofing in their hotel as we never heard babies crying or kids running down the hall).

Laundry and Gym are located on the second floor- in a very desolate area of the hotel. They were in the middle of changing their laundry payment system - so soap and laundry machine use were free for a short period. The laundry room was clean and well maintained. Out of all the three Disney Hotels Paradise Pier is the most budget friendly. I'm not sure if I would stay there again because of the thin walls.

Noelle's Notes
Thin walls
Budget friendly hotel

We usually stay at the Disney Hotels when we go to WDW, so we thought it would be good to get the full Disney experience at Disneyland.  We liked the idea that we could easily walk to DCA through the Grand California and try the other Disney hotel restaurants/bars.  We usaully visit other resorts when we are at WDW to eat and see the theming.  We were really disappointed on the first day when Disney put a security person in front of the GC Hotel and forced us to walk around through Downtown Disney to access anything in the GC.  We had a short conversation with the Security person and said we wanted to go to a restaurant in the hotel, but he would not budge even though we were right in front of the hotel.  The reason was we needed to go through a security check.  I was wondering why we did not have security checks for our Disney hotel. We have never had this problem at WDW.
This apparently was a new policy since the "Grand California Guest only" sign did not show up until day 3.    It really put a damper on the trip.
We chose this hotel because we could upgrade and get a view of the parks.  The view of DCA was great. The beds were comfortable and the staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful.  The room was fine, but it had a couple of issues.  The sink was about to fall out of the the vanity and the shower head had a huge leak.  We did not use the pool during the three day stay.
We stayed two days at the Holiday Inn Express on the other side of the park.  It was about 40% of the price.  With the new policy the walk to the parks is about the same and the room was nicer.  When we return to Disneyland we will not stay at the PP. Instead, we will stay at the Holiday Inn Express

As always had a wonderful time staying at the Disney Paradise pier hotel!  The staff and the service here are always outstanding and very friendly.  Always made us feel welcome, and plus our kids had a wonderful time. To me this hotel would be the best place to stay if you're doing  the Disney run because the start of the race is right out in front of the hotel. Just simply walk out and your there also you're walking distance to downtown disney and the theme parks.

ROOM: Our room was located on the 10th floor and had a great view of Disney California Adventure. The room was big enough to accommodate a family of 4 comfortably. The down side was that the room was bit outdated.

Activities: There's a few stuff for the kids. There's a little arcade room and a movie room with tiny beach chairs for the kids to hang out and play. There's also a pool located on the 3rd floor with a kids slide.

As for the price. It's pretty pricey, but hey its disney. Everything from Disney is pricey.

See you again in November for the Avenger run 2015!

With the exception of the location (across from the Grand California), we were very happy with the hotel. The rooms were quite roomy and clean. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. Best of all our room had the Grand California Adventure theme park as its view. You do have to cross the street and walk through the Grand California Adventure Hotel (we've stayed here before and were very disappointed) to get to downtown Disney. I wish they offered a tram to bring you to the front of the park like many years ago.

The hotel itself is great for kids and it's walking distance to both Disneyland and California adventure. Our suite has a great view of the park which was an added bonus. Room service is great. My only complaint is that it's way over price. I understand the target market is the vacationing audience but I feel like Disney is really taken advantage of that. On top of that we got to pay extra for parking. Food and souvenirs also over priced. Save a few bucks and drive to LA for better dining experiences and cheaper gifts.

This hotel will give you just enough Disney vibe that will keep you happy throughout your stay without breaking your wallet. My wife and I decide to stay here for our honeymoon and it turned out to be the perfect stay for us!  We just wish we could've booked a longer stay. Here's some tips, a pros and cons last that should help. 

Tip: 
- if you're military don't forget to check for rates if you're booking online, phone or in person. We had a discounted rate because of it and don't forget to bring your military ID for proof.  
- request for rooms that are fronting California Adventure park.  Best views you could get!
- make sure you wear comfortable walking shoes because this hotel is the furthest of the three. We had no problem with the walk but for those that would have issues walking then it be something to consider.  

Pros:
- if you're on a budget but would still love a Disney themed hotel near Disneyland then this is the place for you. 
- if you get the room overlooking california adventure park this hotel has the best view hands down.  Make sure you also request the upper floors. 
- parking structure is located next to the hotel. 
- great welcoming staff. Cleaning staff did an outstanding job keeping the room clean and dine in room service was responded fast to our request.    
-  cute beach themed rooms and decor
- great fun hotel for kids. 
- character breakfast. 

Cons:
- pool is small.  But you are allowed to swim at the other Disneyland hotel pools as another option.  
- walking distance from the theme park maybe overwhelming. There is the shuttle that you can hop on at down town disney which is not too far. 
- Alittle dated. Hotel room bathroom could use a face lift. 

Hope this helps my fellow yelpers! 

Aloha

Very cute hotel right outside of California Adventure that provides a shortcut to Downtown Disney and the parks. 

Our room was super cute and nautical themed, and the beds were big and comfy. The room was a nice size and made it feel like having three people in one room wasn't too bad.

The rooftop pool on the third floor is cool. It's pretty big, and behind the pool there's a waterslide as well, which you can imagine does well with the kids... Another cool part of this rooftop is it provides great views of the Disney fireworks. 

My only complaint about this hotel was that the restaurant selection was mediocre and the elevator situation was insane. One morning, people were either waiting 15+ minutes for an elevator, or actually taking the stairs (babies, strollers, and all) to navigate the hotel. 

If you're being into scrapbooking/keeping things for memories, the room keys are personalized with your name and you get to keep them!

This hotel is awesome! My family and I have stayed at all Disney properties and I must say out of all 3 this one is my favorite. I booked a premium view room and our room over looks California adventures world of color. Awesome cause when the show comes on there's an option to sync the music on your tv. The view is the best so far and decor is awesome. I love the beach theme. We haven't tried there restaurant yet but are planning to do so tomorrow. Size and price of rooms are awesome as well. Was the cheapest in price compared to the other 2. This one is cheaper than Disney hotel and is more updated. Only thing is the walk to the parks are a bit further out. I actually saved over 700 bucks compared to if I stayed at Disney grand. Also ride the glass elevator it's a little tiny but it's an awesome view when going up or down.

We are just finishing up a two-night stay at Paradise Pier hotel. We have had THE BEST experience this weekend, thanks mostly to the front desk clerk who checked me in. I am here with four kids, 14, 13 and 12-year old twins. She recommended the Concierge Level as an upgrade, which I had just looked for online the night before coming and couldn't see that there were any rooms available. I paid for the upgrade, and ended up on the 3rd floor, which has a sliding door to a four-top, and then a gate directly out to the pool and the sand bar. I was even able to relax with a drink or two on Friday night by bringing them back over to my room while the kids wound-down.

The kids fully enjoyed the concierge snacks and drinks, although I only enjoyed a boiled egg and a cup of espresso the entire time I was here - there was plenty, just not really anything I wanted. 

I wish I could remember the desk clerk's name who recommended this upgrade. She really made this stay wonderful, and we will not forget it. Two in our group had never been to Disneyland, and they have really enjoyed their time. 

Coming back in October, and considering the concierge upgrade again!

We went back on a surprise trip and because of availability last minute ended up staying here again... My stay this time was much better. Thankyou to Matthew at the front desk who went above and beyond to insure our daughter had some magic.   He had an autographed photo of Mickey and crew delivered to our room along with the sweetest handwritten note. You sir define Disney Magic. Bless you!

I am posting this same review for all three Disney hotels, covering all of them in a compare and contrast review. It seems to be the most helpful way to go, in my opinion, to anyone considering a stay.

The Grand has a few things over the two other Disney hotels. The location (which includes proximity to both parks and convenient entry to California Adventure), service, and that lobby rank at the top of those reasons. To say nothing of the decor at Christmastime, which I think is the best of the three.

Those things aren't typically enough to sway me, though. We still do most of our stays at the classic, The Disneyland Hotel.

Whether the Grand justifies the extra dough is a personal decision you'll need to make. The rooms at the Grand seem to be the smallest and the actual room decor is nothing special, even a little less Disney than the other two in my opinion.

Paradise Pier is always the least expensive, but after recent stays there, we probably won't be going back. The service tends to be subpar. 

As a recent example, we stayed on the club level and had a personal concierge to deal with. He implied that we would be getting a room upgrade. It never happened. When we arrived, I pulled up in front and waited as several staff members ignored us and didn't help with luggage. I actually had to walk over and start to pull a cart over to my car before one finally offered to help. 

The room itself was small and the view wasn't great. There was some mildew on the tile grout in the shower. 

When it came time for checkout, I called down to the bell captain to get the use of a luggage cart. They told me one was not available and made excuses about not being able to help me out to my car in self parking.

The classic Disneyland Hotel just has a great feel and ambiance, and the room decor is wonderful. The pool there is pretty cool as well.

We have booked club level rooms at all three hotels and I don't see a huge difference in the clubs themselves, either. Not enough to sway my decision on which one to book if it came down to that.

Mrs. J-G and the lad seem to prefer the Disneyland Hotel, and I think The Grand is wonderful at  Christmastime. We will be staying at one of the two of those hotels for future visits.

TV wasn't working when we got into our room, called to have it fixed while we're out..hours later, still not fixed. 2nd time, they came quicker. Hardly any room service food options. And our luggage was lost. Was told we could see the fireworks from our room...lies. Stayed at many of the hotels at and around Disneyland  and never had so many issues. The Grand is great, I recommend you stay there instead. This was ridiculous.

The worst service for $400 per night, even no bottle of water in the room, small place, so cheap place, not worth this money, looked like We spent night in the cheapest motel, we hated this hotel

I booked our room at the Disneyland paradise pier hotel for 2 nights. The staff was great my family and I really enjoyed every bit of our vacation. The staff was awesome they were very helpful we are for sure staying there again. I also reserved breakfast at the pch grill to enjoy with the Disney characters my kids loved it! We all enjoyed our breakfast and went on to enjoy Disneyland's California adventure we all agreed we had more fun there, than Disneyland the following day it was just way to crowded. Either way we are looking forward to our next visit soon.

This has been by far the worst hotel stay in my life.  I do travel a lot and have stayed in many different hotels and the Disney Paradise ranks by far the lowest.

1- the breakfast restaurant had 1.5 hour wait, at 9 AM!
2- they ran out of food at all the bars in the hotel at 6pm
3- unflexible on the check out
4- they charge for everything. shuttle? extra charge, print boarding pass? extra charge.

imagine the lowest cost hotel or airline, and put it in the middle of disney. charge over $300 per night, and you get this travesty. stay away, much better places same distance from the parks

Stayed at the Paradise Pier Hotel for a three day visit to the Happiest Place on Earth in May 2016.  Grandma wanted to give her grandkids a special trip, sparing only some expense (which is why we were at the Paradise Pier and not the Grand Californian), and - with Grad Nights in the evening and the risk of summer crowds - those Magic Mornings were too valuable to pass up.

I'll start with some of the positives.  The hotel is well maintained and well staffed.  It's nowhere near as immersively themed inside as the Grand Californian is or as elaborate as the Disneyland Hotel, but compared to many Good Neighbor hotels, the level of cleanliness and service provided by the employees is a noticeable step up.  No part of the hotel comes off as needing service or in poor condition.  The pool area is large and a wonderful place for parents and kids to spend hot afternoons cooling off.  The complimentary hotel Wi-Fi is plenty fast during the day and still reasonably usable in the evenings.

The lobby is a bit sparse, however.  There is just one counter-service eatery and a single gift shop.  Both the arcade room (surprisinigly, as a Nintendo fan, a Mario Kart arcade machine!) and a cartoon watching room were slightly depressing looking.  A lot of the lobby away from the reception area reminded me a lot of a shopping mall from the 80s.

The most surprising negative that came up during our stay was just how far the hotel is from the parks.  Unless we missed something, you have two options for park access - walk across the street and through Grand Californian for the GC entrances to California Adventure and Downtown Disney (about 15 minutes) or walk the other way towards the Disneyland Hotel to the Downtown Disney monorail station and Downtown Disney's parking lot entrance (also about 15 minutes).  Compared to staying at some of the Good Neighbor hotels close to the main entrance on Harbor Blvd., which might be as short as a 5 minute stroll, this was pretty far considering we paid the resort premium.

Ultimately, other than the benefit of Disney-level customer service and the availability of Magic Mornings (which, to their credit, can be a huge value-add on busy days), the premium paid for staying at the Paradise Pier simply was not worth it.  I think I would prefer nicer rooms, closer to the parks, with a lower price and sacrifice the Magic Mornings.

Beware - they have Bed Bugs and do not care. Totally unacceptable, ruined the entire trip.

If I could give this hotel zero stars I would. For the price it's shameful. I requested a king bed for my wife and I and instead got two queen beds and a day bed. For two people? Seriously ? The front of house staff surly and couldn't even muster a smile. Here's a clue. If you hate your job do something else. Check in was slow and ridiculously late and the toilet didn't flush properly. For an organization such as Disney to treat people this way is shameless to the extreme. Shame on you.

I guess our society has gotten so used to fantastic rooms and kiss butt services to the point that a really good hotel get poor ratings. Honestly I have stayed at all three of the hotels on Disney property. Truth be known apples to apples they were all rooms with two queen beds. Nothing special about any one them. 

We recently joined DVC and brought our two daughter with their families. The housekeeping staff was eager to meet our usage of lots of soap and shampoo and brought us a good deal everyday. I told the housekeeping staff it was a special time for our family as our daughter had died and this was a special family vacation. We were here over Valentine's Day and they went way out of their way to make our room feel special. And even left us a rose. 

My husband and I are back for the anniversary of when our daughter died and the staff has been wonderful. I have an embroidery machine and I made stitched towels I am leaving for our housekeeping staff

The old adage about you get more with honey then you do vinegar is true. Maybe if you have issues you should try some kindness and not expect anything in return

We found the service and general staff vibe at the hotel to be less than you've come to expect at a Disney property. If you took off their name tags the people at the check in desk could have been at any chain hotel.

When we arrived in our room the bathroom had not been properly cleaned and we had dirty dishes right outside our door. Before we went for dinner I went to the front desk to alert them and ask for these items to be addressed. No apology. When we returned, the bathroom had been cleaned, but the dishes not removed from the hall. I called downstairs and explained this was the second time I was contacting them about this situation. Again, no apology, but the dishes did disappear.

The pool is nice and you can watch the fireworks at Disneyland from the pool deck, which is a nice perk.

I went between 3 and 4 stars on this review. And while it is a 3 star - I would spring for the Grand and not stay at the Paradise Pier Hotel again.

I research most of my Disney trips, but sometimes it's just easier to live and learn. PPH is a short walk to the Grand. You leave the lobby, walk across the street into the Grand lobby and from there you either turn left at the stairs and go to DL, or keep walking past the restaurants into DCA. 

We checked in late and our room had been already chosen for us (no upgrades) on the quieter 13th floor. Unlucky - perhaps why much of the trip was as it was. We made the mistake of leaving to find food and missing out on the 11pm window at the hotel for room service, since everything at Downtown Disney was closed.

Room service both times we tried it were fantastic however. Both meals were delicious and worth every penny. My dinner (the garlic chicken) was just mouthwatering. Breakfast had several windows and was perfect for our first day (I just wish they'd replaced the order card).

The whole weekend the Cast Member service was good, but just not spectacular. To compare, walking through the lobby at the Grand the service was absolutely fantastic. Upbeat, happy, eager to help and wish you a good day. PPH just wasn't the same - it lacked the pizzazz of the Grand, it lacked much of the enthusiasm. It was old and would probably do much better themed like the Tower of Terror to ease the age of the space.

While it was nice to stay so close (we will probably never stay offsite unless on a budget) I doubt we'd go with PPH again, even with the $150 difference to the Grand per night - to us, it would be worth it - it just wasn't Disney enough for me.

I absolutely love this place. My family and I took a trip to Disneyland for 3 days to celebrate my son's 6th birthday. We reserved the hotel room 5 months in advance and got a good price for just 2 beds. When we went to check in, we asked for a birthday pin for him as well as a 1st time visit for my son. They grabbed our luggage and we went off to the park. We get a text saying our room was ready so we head back to the hotel. When we got to our room, we noticed something was different. THEY UPGRADED US TO A FREAKING SUITE!!!!!! It was sooooooo beautiful. We were extremely happy. It was the best experience of my life. They were so sweet to us. My son even got to speak with goofy and he sang to my son as well. We loved this stay so much we plan on making it our annual family vacation. Such a beautiful place.

If you want to have pictures with the characters, it's better to go here than Disneyland itself. We had a reservation for the hotel's Breakfast with Mickey Mouse and Friends for around $30 each. Characters go each table to have picture taking. Also, there's an autograph book where the characters sign. It's $20 for each.


Minus 1 Star because some characters are rude.

Excellent value and location!! We visit Disneyland frequently and normally stay at the Grand Californian. Our last trip (12/1- 12/3) was booked on very short notice and that hotel was sold out. We decided to take a chance on Paradise Pier. This place was so great! Location is literally a 1-2 min walk (at a child's pace) from Grand Californian- which has the park entrance. It took us 7 min tops to get from our hotel room to the first ride in California Adventure Park (the Grizzly River Run). The decor in Paradise Pier is so cute! Mickeys everywhere with a beach theme- surfboards, beachballs, etc. Not only is the location amazing, but the price is unbeatable for a Disney park property. This will definitely be our first choice hotel from now on!

Stayed here for two nights in the beginning of October. I had already planned to stay at an Air BnB for my stay in California but was in desperate need to find a new place. Let's just say, the Air BnB was gross. LOL. Anyways, while watching the World of Color at California Adventure Park, it hit me! I'm on vacation! I might as well spend money and enjoy myself. I ended up walking to Paradise Pier and paid for two nights. The gentlemen at the front desk were very accommodating. They had only one room left and I snatched it immediately. I was told that the room was a standard few but the agent at the desk gave me a room that over looked California Adventure Park. 

The room came equipped with two queen beds. Full bathroom. Mini fridge and a television. It was perfect. I was so happy that I was able to get a good room at a Disney hotel that I decided to celebrate. We checked in at around 10:30pm and made our way to Down Town Disney. It was a quick 5 minute walk. The next day, we walked to the parks. Another 10 minute walk. 

Quick Tip: If you are in CAP at closing, cut through the Grand California Hotel. It'll pop you out right across from Paradise Pier.

I loved the beach theme of the room. All cast members that I encountered where nice and friendly. I would love to come back here

The only thing i can say is the elevators. If can get very tight and wait time for an elevator can be up to 30 minutes. I enjoyed every minute of my mini vacation &amp; I think you get what you pay for. I have a great review for Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel. Lets start:

Lobby: You have a big clean spacious lobby, check in desk, bell service, shopping store, PCH Grill, &amp; a small movie theater for the kiddos. &amp; lets not forget the nice big pool with Jacuzzi!

Concierge lounge: If you get the Concierge package, you get lounge services. I think its very well worth it. You stock up on snacks to take to the park. Hours are 6:30am-8pm and you can come in and out anytime. You can also rent movies in there (Any Disney movie). You have breakfast, afternoon snacks, wine &amp; cheese as well with beer (UNLIMITED), &amp; desserts!

Rooms: We drove 5 hrs and arrived at 6 am. Check in is at 3pm but they were very kind to allow us to check in at 11am. We got the Concierge room with an amazing view on the 14th floor. Very clean, spacious, and everything you need for your stay. You also have AC unit that you can control  

Its only a 15 minute walk to the parks and you also have the shopping centers. We enjoyed our stay and had an amazing night sleep. The sheets are very soft and the room service is on  it right away if you need anything. I believe is well worth staying here. I based my review by checking it out not by other reviews.

Sooo....when I checked on, they told me that we can no longer go through the Grand Californian to directly enter CA Adventure or Downtown Disney.   I posted a picture of the map showing the new route they make you take, which is at least 3X longer because you have to go out the back and all they way around the parking lots to get to the farthest end of Downtown Disney and then walk aaaall the way through it to get to the front entrance to get in line to enter the parks.  Before, there was direct access through the Grand Californian bypassing front entrance lines, and the entrance to Downtown Disney was already almost to the park entrances.  Getting into my room,  I found what appears to be mouse poop on my bed.  I posted a picture of that too.  Also, the fan on the air conditioning rattled erratically so much that my kids couldn't sleep with it on.   What good is staying at one of the Disney hotels if we don't get special access anymore?        We've stayed here in the past many times, but will not be staying here again.  I am very disappointed so far with what Disney has done to the place.

Room was great, service was good (especially room service) but the elevators were a nightmare. We had a stroller so stairs weren't a great option  for our 3rd floor room. The average elevator wait was 5 minutes plus every time one came, it was full so we had to wait for another. At one point we did actually carry the stroller down 3 flights because we knew it wasn't gonna happen for us.
The lobby cafe was our best experience and shout out to Shar, our server, who was THE BEST! She was so sweet and accommodating, really went above and beyond to make our meal great. I have never had such great customer service, that girl deserves a raise.

This is a great hotel. The price is a bit better the the resort hotels here on the Disney grounds but it is a  bit farther from the parks and Downtown Disney. The amenities are similar to the other hotels . The service is exemplary as expected from a Disney hotel. There is a pool on the roof which is accessible from the 3rd floor with a spa tub and a separate waterslide. So much fun right at the hotel. There is a restaurant and lounge on the Lobby floor. Both worth a meal stop before or after a day in one of the parks.

We are Disney addicts and have been coming to the park as out of state annual passholders for years. It wasn't until recently that my parents bought into DVC which afforded us with the opportunity to stay on property. This is the cheapest of the 3 disney hotels, for obvious reasons.

1) The pool is lackluster. And like all pools at Disneyland, children run wild and free with little adult supervision (ie splashing in the hot tub). The slide is a plus, but the pool area is not open very late.

2) The rooms and overall feel of the hotel are cheap and very un-Disney. The theme was supposed to fit in with California Adventure Park, but with all the changes to the park recently it's left this hotel feeling out of place.

3) Staff, even in conceirge seem lazy. Drink some more Mickey kool-aid and smile people!! My dad asked to be upgraded to conceirge and the lady just said no. No explanation, no I'm sorry we can't accommodate you, nothing. 

4) There are no views. At Disneyland in conceirge you can watch the fireworks in there, with the music pumped in. At the grand you can watch world of color in there with the music pumped in. Here, nothing.

4) Here's the upside... it's a Disney hotel so you get in the parks an hour early each day (each Park switches off a day of the week) &amp; you can use the hotel entrance through the grand hotel. This alone is enough to give the place 3 stars and keep coming back (it's cheap with DVC points).

Overall, if you can afford to stay at one of the other 2 that's probably preferrable, but if not you are still getting the benefits by staying here.

The lobby was kind of small and check-in took forever. The workers were friendly enough, but friendlier would have been much appreciated. 

After reading Yelp reviews the room was actually a pleasant surprise. Sure it wasn't luxurious, but it was still nice. The weekend before I stayed here I stayed at the grand Californian and paradise pier's room was larger and had more Disney decor. The mini fridge was hardly cold so it wasn't much use. The pool was area was disappointing. 

PCH isn't normally by reservation only, but for some reason it was during our stay which sucked but the host was apologetic. 

Over all, not bad at all. The only thing I would really say is, for a little extra you can stay at the Disneyland Resort.

This felt like a refurbished Howard Johnson hotel and expect them to charge you for everything, including $25.00 for valet parking. 

Because I had four young kids, we had to get a deluxe room and pay $750.00 (no that's not a typo; it's $750.00) plus hotel tax, etc etc which brought it to over $800.00 What do you get with this? You get a plain room. 

Granted the staff are friendly and there's a big Christmas tree in the lobby, there's nothing themed about this hotel. Unlike some other hotel (Legoland hotel), there is no bottled water included and you have to get it at the vending machine and pay about $3.00 per bottle.

Overall it was not a good experience and I would recommend you stay at off theme Disney hotel.. you'll easily save $600 a night..

Reserved this hotel because it advertised you could enter the them parks conveniently thru the California hotel. Upon check in was told we had to walk all the way down to entrance for Disney district.  Tried to check out the amenities at the California Hotel and was told could not access the premises unless I was a registered guest of that hotel.  Even though the website says clearly you can utilize their amenities as a paradise pier guest.   They changed their policy is what I was told at check in.  Save your money and stay at a local hotel that will shuttle you to the entrance.  False advertising in my opinion.  Also,  the elevators were not working properly the entire 6 day stay.  Would not recommend.

Stayed at the hotel 5 nights. Exciting when you first arrive.  Great staff,  enjoyed them all.   The room....visually great when you walk in.   Room was warm,  turned it down and took 24 hours to supposedly  get to 69 degrees.  The  room was very humid the whole time.  AC  did not work as supposed to.  Should have froze me out but didn't. Had to keep it that low to just be semi comfortable.     The shower head is not for any person ove 5 foot.  It is so low that hard to shower and I'm only 6ft.   Plus the bathroom had graffiti in it,  come on Disney really.  We spent  a hell of a  lot of money over the five days, not only at the hotels but at the parks.  Expect a lot more.  We stayed in room 539 and the house keeping staff was absolutely wonderful .

Always great service at the Paradise hotel. The Valet attendants are always helpful and professional, the property is always very clean and the front desk is absolutely wonderful. Particularly the front desk attend Ryan who was very welcoming and made my sister in laws Birthday truly magical.

Overall a magical experience 
Small issues but that's normal

Will be back with a larger group


Trying to determine why someone is vacuuming at 11:15 at night on my floor. Called front desk at 11:17 on 9/2 and was spoken over by the phone receptionist while I tried to explain the concerns. Seemed like she was trying to get me off phone and told her so. Super rude when I'm mentioning the noise issue.

Also. Pool was closed for over an hour. Unexpected and unforeseen but still a disappointment so we were forced to trek to Disneyland hotel. 

FYI your key card will work for both pools as of 9/2/15. After that date it might change IDK but worth trying out if you are here with kids. The slides there rock! NOT GRAND CALIFORNIAN. Their pool is cool but the key won't work there. Newer property and system I think.

Our one-night stay at the Paradise Pier was quite pleasant.  It helped that they apparently were out of their bottom-end rooms so they gave us a free upgrade to a suite.  The suite was well-designed and borderline swank.  We would gladly stay there again.

The staff was not insufferable, except for one girl working in the gift shop.  She had that special Disney officiousness -- the Orange County smile coupled with all the genuine heart of the local Republican Party.  Not only was she painfully unhelpful, she also called me by my first name -- not a sign of respect, to say the least, for someone three times her age.

The experience at Disneyland itself is much less magical than in years past.  All the needless new construction (California Adventure, Downtown Disney) has taken a toll on the one-time happiest place on earth.  Still, if you somehow get a free upgrade at Paradise Pier, it is still worth it.

Excellent hotel amazing staff great clean comfortable room really safe hotel nice pool loved staying on the third floor had direct access to the pool my room lead out to the pool and my room had a little patio I loved staying here the roll out the red carpet for you here stayed club level top notch service they go above and beyond to make you're stay great I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay here thanks to the team at Disney

Paradise pier is everything you need in a hotel for Disney. The service is extraordinary and you are steps away from Disney and downtown . Matthew was an extra help and when I was lagging behind to check out he made us not feel rushed. The breakfast is amazing in the morning. And the pricing is much cheaper then the grand Californian, although it's a great hotel as well but this can save you a hundred plus. I recommend to anyone epscially the view of California advent

My family and I stayed in June of 2016. We really liked the hotel. It's a bit cheaper than the other two resort hotels, but you get the same perks. The walking distance to the theme parks was great. My kids enjoyed the pool. The rooms were average rooms, kept clean.

We haven't stayed here for years. The staff was warm friendly and welcoming. The theme is beach and I loved it. Beach balls on the bed and all! The price was reasonable compared to non Disney places. Cute gift shop! It was busy but only 1 cashier so there was a wait. Should have had at least 2 cashiers. No one on the floor to help out either. The elevators on the outside is cool. Being a guest you have a special place to see the fireworks from Disneyland. Our room had a fantastic view and we got to see the backside of World of Color and on a certain channel you can listen to it on the TV. Disney just doesn't miss a beat.

YES, just YES.
For the price, this hotel is so cute and comfortable. The pool and hot tub really was a lot of fun and a great perk to have in the middle of our trip. 
The service was excellent, and the front desk was by far the friendliest I've ever experienced. Great job guys and gals!
Location is excellent as far as getting to and from the parks.
And our view was gorgeous... Got to see California Adventures at night and it was sooooo pretty 
Will definitely stay here again

Not impressed.  I have better experience at other Disney hotels.  Furnitures are old looking and scratched, dirty carpets, and for some reason hotel services never answer their phones for 5 days.  Disney is all about magical experience but this hotel didn't give my family and I any.  2 stars for convenience and parking.

My family and I are Disney pass holders from the East Bay and we've stayed at each of the hotels more than three times each. Our favorite is the Disneyland Hotel because of the size of the rooms and location. Not as close as Grand California but not as far as Paradise Pier. We love staying at all three, but Paradise Pier is our go-to hotel when we wanna get up and make a road trip to Disneyland. All our trips last at least 7 days and we're always happy at every hotel. Clean, spacious, welcoming and great customer service. We can't enjoy other hotels as much as we all enjoy all of Disney's hotels.

This was my first time ever staying at this hotel i wasn't really impressed for the price you pay per night for a room! They only have one restaurant there thats a buffet with character dining which we had breakfast at the next morning! I just wish they had more options of restaurants in the hotel for those late night snacks! Over all it was a great experience but and great view but i will stay in a lower priced hotel next time! I really think your just paying for the Disney name because it was no different then staying at a Marriott for half the price!

We have stayed in Disneyland Hotel, Grand Californian, Paradise Pier and a few surrounding hotels. Paradise Pier has been the favorite for about 5-6 years due to its close proximity to the park via cut through at the Grand Californian. It was key to my last stay (12/16-12/20) as I had just had shoulder surgery and a short walk would be a must as by the only rides For me would be the Starbucks at both parks while the family played.
Well there have been some changes they won't tell you about when you book: for starters this Hotel is not being kept up to Disney standards. Not in terms of accommodations nor attitude of most staff. 
Findings;
-We arrived via shuttle at about 10:00 pm. Two bag checkers looking on as I struggle to get 5 suitcases out of a van while one arm in a sling and move them to the door. No offer of assistance as they cowered away. A telling sign of how our stay would be.
- Disneyland has instituted a new security system (class discrimination) where Paradise Pier guests can no longer proceed through the Grand Californian to California Adventure or Downtown Disney. Instead you will have to hike up to the Disneyland Hotel where you can will compete against everyone else entering the park from the parking garage for entrance. No longer is the bag strip search limited to entering the parks. It is now prior to entering The park or Downtown Disney. 
- Our room had a broken box spring and a broken drawer on the armoir. Our children are teenagers so this was simply a great inconvenience where as a family with younger children could have experienced danger with this hazard of the drawer dumping out on whoever pulled it. 
-The front desk was largely indifferent to providing any assistance. Instead we where treated with a "if you don't like it leave " attitude. So much for "The Disney Way" of customer service. Actually this wasn't customer service. In order to have that you must at least attempt to service the customer. That is something that largely lacked throughout our stay. 
- We were offered to move to the Disneyland Hotel at full book rack rate for a lesser room at close to double the charge. Thus losing any discounts for booking well in advance as they quoted us the off the street, almost at 100%, bend em over price.
- Front desk could not provide us with the name of the Hotel Manager but instead threw out a series of potential first names with no means of contacting the person. "You can write Susan...or Stephanie....or Celeste... yes I think that might be it. What the heck? Who runs a business like that? I guess Disney does now.
As mention, this Hotel is junk in comparison to anything you will see in neighboring hotels. It has lost it's advantage of close proximity by not allowing the guest to go through the high and mighty Grand Californian for fear of cross contamination with the uptight foreigners residing there. The attitudes of 90% of the staff was plain atrocious. You and your family will cross several streets that are not monitored to get to the check point and an ulcer maker for anyone with small ones.
Forget about the magic hour as you will spend the majority of time standing in line to be body searched by TSA want-to-bees. 
In conclusion this hotel offers no advantage and is twice the price versus most of the locals. It is poorly maintained. However, Marriott offers to well accommodated hotels just across from the main gate. And they seem to  want your business.
As for me I have seen the fall of Disney customer service to that of a grade C amusement park. Neither my family nor myself want to spend five star dollars on a resort that acts as though they are doing me a favor by allowing to spend $6 for bottle water or $20 for a child's hamburger. There are plenty of great experiences for the money elsewhere. But if you must go to Disneyland I suggest you skip the Paradise Pier Hotel as your "Tower of Terror" will just be beginning. BTW

Cute and clean hotel. Within a 5 minute walking distance to downtown Disney and Disneyland. We stayed here as DVC members to take advantage of the extra magic hours at the park. The rooms were spacious and clean, mini fridge available as well. The only gripe I had was the pool. It was rather small and claustrophobic for the amount of rooms the hotel consists of. Also the elevator service is not the best. Took a long time between floors. The parking garage did not contain elevators so if you were on the 2nd floor and above you have to drag your luggage up and down flights of stairs. Overall a great stay, good nights sleep and friendly staff. Didn't try the restaurants so I cannot comment on them.

My husband and I decided to take our 2 year old daughter on a last minute vacation to Disneyland!  We were actually trying to book a stay at the Grand Californian but it was completely booked using DVC points. Our next option was Paradise Pier. If you own DVC you know for a fact that if you stay outside of the villas, the points are extremely costly!  Anyways, reading the good and bad reviews on this place I was a little anxious as we arrived. 

Bell service: they were extremely busy with people checking in and out so my husband had to actually call someone to help us, no biggy!  The guy that helped us was extremely nice and patient even though you could see that he was under pressure to get everything done.  Once we went up to our room, my husband called for our luggage to be delivered, along with our crib rental from the Traveling Baby Co. (Look for my review on that if you have babies or toddlers). The man who delivered our crib was nice enough to set it up for us! How nice after 7 total hours of travel just to get to the hotel.

Check-in: Dusty helped us with this process, she was so sweet and even gave my daughter a balloon and a photo of Mickey and Minnie with their autograph. Major brownie points there because after a 5.5 hour flight and 1.5 hour transportation from LAX, my little one was looking forward to a balloon from the theme park, but because we arrived so late, Disneyland was already closed. 

House Keeping: we haven't come across any friendly one's sad to say.  If they hear or see you coming they rush into the room they're cleaning to avoid you. The rooms also doesn't get cleaned well.  We try our best to pick up after ourselves but we have a 2 year old!  So we always leave a big tip...but still, just doesn't get cleaned as well as if you to stay at a Hilton, Sheraton or Hyatt hotel chain.  When they clean and vacuum the rooms next door, they make it clear they are there. The vacuum cleaner hits the wall over and over and over again!!! It gets annoying when you're trying to sleep after a late night at the park and with a toddler who normally sleeps for 11-12 hours each night. 

Rooms: The rooms are bright and cute for little ones.  We got a room with 2 beds and a sofa with a day bed which my daughter and I love because we use it to nap on. 
The insulation however is terrible!! We can hear the guests above us running around, people in the hallway talking, kids crying and screaming, toilets flushing. I'm not sure if this is a Disney thing but Aulani was pretty bad too. I could hear the person in the next room SNORING. 

Location: It's a lot closer than the Disneyland Hotel!  You can use the entrance and exit in the Grand Californian  from California Adventure.  If California Adventure is closed, you can use the entrance and exit from the Grand Californian in down town Disney.  That walkway is located right after Sephora  on the left if you are coming from Disneyland.  I'm not sure if they keep that gate open 24 hours or just until down town Disney closes.

Overall, pretty good hotel.  If Grand Californian was booked out on DVC, I'd definitely stay here again.

I stayed at Paradise Pier a couple years ago, it was so much fun. My husband had been in a car accident a year prior and had shattered his lower leg so we chose Paradise Pier so it would be closer for him in case he needed to get back to the hotel.

Paradise Pier is in within walking distance of both parks plus Downtown Disney. So convenient and absolutely gorgeous both inside and out.

Checking in was a breeze and everyone was so pleasant and helpful.

We have stayed at this hotel 3 times in the last two years.  Everytime the fan in the bathroom did not work.  This past summer, Room 944 was so humid it was horrible.  This hotel needs serious rehabbing.

Hotel itself had good amenities which is why I'm not giving 1 star, but the Pool staff ruined my day. My two year old wanted to go down the waterslide and staff ensured me it was fine. As small as she is she was having a blast. A couple times she got overly excited and went down on her tummy and after getting yelled at by the kid lifeguard I explained to her she had to sit on her booty or she couldn't ride. She obliged and began going down as she should, however, around the turns must have gotten turned around and would end the ride in a different position then when she started. Rather than talking to me, or letting us know she was probably too small to ride, the guards proceeded to yell at my two year old and one even shook her finger in my daughter's face. I'm her mother and I don't even shake my finger in her face! She proceeded to cry thinking she had done something badly and we immediately left.  If you think yelling at a 2 year old is the correct response and good service, you have another thing coming!

This place is super old and unupdated.  The cost is completely over priced.  Would not stay here with out a complete overhaul.  Disney in general might be the biggest rip off on the planet.  Over all hotel I average at best.

Such an awesome experience! We're completely satisfied with the hotel and the level of service. Very clean, and presentable. Our room was cozy and very clean. The ppl was very relaxing and the restrooms at the pool were very clean. Great location! Easy access to the parks through the Grand Calif hotel which is right across the street. Next time I will make sure to bring more snacks with me since the rooms provides a small fridge. Excellent service! The cast members really make sure that their guests are taken care of. We will definitely be returning.

We just wrapped up a starvation weekend at Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel. The hotel was clean and people friendly so no issues there. My comments are outlined below:

Concierge level-I would not use this service again. For almost $200 per night in addition to your room I would have expected much more for my family of 5. The highlight I guess would have been breakfast time. They offered fruit, oatmeal (one flavor), hard boiled eggs, bagels and muffins. They also have OJ and some other juices.  You can stay at a Hilton and get all of this for no extra charge. Snack time had no variety for the two days trail mix, gold fish, chex mix, cookies and chips. Sodas, lemonade and juice box. No bottled water which I found odd. Dinner snack consisted of veggies and nasty cheese and crackers. Same drinks. Desert jello, mini tarts, and cake pops. Same drinks. The same thing each day. First night only one tray available until I complained. Again no value. Along with this service each night should get turn down service. That happened but a tray of goodies should have been delivered.

Pool was good but small. Elevators were slow and stairs difficult to find.  Check in staff less then enough people with no concierge window. 

In summary less than impressed for $400 a night Id expect much more from Disney than received. We will think twice next time about Disney resorts and will never get the $200 per day premium concierge 
service.

Not a magical experience for us this weekend.

This is my second stay at Paradise Pier hotel, but my first review. 

1. Location - you can't really complain about the location - you can literally see both theme parks from your hotel room if you have a room with a park view. And that view help contributes to the cost of the room rate - pricey, but you are paying for convenience and the Disney brand. It's with easy walking distance to CAP and a little longer walk to Disneyland, but the fact that you CAN walk to either park is awesome. Plus, you get special perks for staying at a Disney property, like the magic morning entry.

2. Cost - I don't actually know the total cost of the room stay because I didn't pay the bill. That said, I did look up room costs online and they ARE pricey. If you aren't needing the convenience of being so close to Disney parks, then I would recommend staying at a different hotel a little further away and save yourself some money. PPH is comparable to a Holiday Inn or Best Western in terms of furnishing.

3. Friendliness of staff - this hotel couldn't have done any better on the friendliness factor. Each "cast member" we encountered were very friendly and helpful. They waved at us as we came and went, wishing us a magical day. Cheesy? Maybe, but it made the short stay memorable. Schlepping it as a cast member with sometimes cranky or rude guests would wear down most people but it never showed. 

4. Check in - a bit slow, considering we came at a non-peak hour but it was good. 

5. Rooms - we had two rooms on the 13th floor. We hoped for adjoining rooms but none were available so we had rooms just a few doors apart. They were impeccably clean  and tidy - and were even serviced when we didn't have the little door sign outside our room. I like that they do it anyways. Our room (1341) had two queen beds that were surprisingly comfy for hotel beds. There was also a mini mini fridge and safe, in addition to the regular room furnishings like a desk, chair, etc. The safe didn't work at first because it had low battery and they wouldn't fix the safe unless someone was in the room. Fortunately, they can fix the safe 24 hours a day so it got done when we took a break from the park one afternoon.

I love the convenience factor of this hotel, because it really can't be beat (well, maybe the Grand Californian beats convenience since it literally hugs each Disney property) and the magic morning is a nice bonus. I'm not sure it's entirely worth the extra $$ for those reasons, but it does make the stay special for kids.

Love it... but dang pricey. 
We used to love the concierge level but this last visit was a bust.
Most affordable Disney property so I can see why people stay.
Small pool, small slide that's only open limited hours
GREAT location to view fireworks!

We reserved our dinner for character dining online at the PCH Grill in the hotel. Unfortunately we didn't realized when we booked our dinner that the character diner was breakfast only. The sweet hostess was calling Goofy's Kitchen to get us in there but it was walk in only. So we decided to stay at the restaurant and skip the character dining because of the long walk and my mother in law has issues with walking long distances. Our dinner was great at PCH Grill and our waitress was amazing! Without us knowing she went and talked to the hotel manager about what had happened. Mr. Yoshi went above and beyond with his hospitality and drove us personally to Goofy's Kitchen for our kids to have a meet and greet with him! Our Disney vacation next year will be booked at this hotel and we hope to see Mr. Yoshi also because of the amazing service that we did not expect!

I gave it one star because it was clean. But it costs an arm and a leg to stay there, and then they charge you a minimum of $18 a night for parking ($28 for valet) and not one single part of this hotel makes you happy you spent over $150 a night. I swear. Nothing felt like Disney other than the view outside our window. Oh, and every single worker wanted a tip. For doing their job. This is not a ritz Carlton, they don't treat you like kings and queens to deserve a tip.

really cool place. cheaper than the other disney hotels. parking is near by, about $20 a night to park. Easy walk to ca adventures, and a 15 min walk to disneyland. nice place, clean, staff super nice, food places are cool, but always busy ( make a reservation ) cost for food is insane, as is with any Disney place. room was nice, beds were clean, interior was kept clean and nice. not run down at all. we would stay here again...

Clean and very nice. They used to play old cartoons (the ones you never see on tv anymore) in the lobby which was cool but I don't know if they still do.

Just OK... We stayed here for 5 nights over Thanksgiving break. I went back and forth about a Disney hotel or good neighbor. We chose the PP because it was the least expensive Disney one at the time we were traveling ($500 a night)! It was my 4YO &amp; 5YO children's first visit to Disneyland so I thought it would be nice...
The only thing that makes it worth it is the magic morning every day rather than one day (included with a 3 day park hopper). The hotel itself is old and nothing special.
Next time we will stay a t a good neighbor for a fraction of the cost and much more amenities!

This is one of the three Disneyland Hotels, all in close proximity to the theme parks.  

The rooms are fairly spacious and well decorated.   To be honest, it's just like most rooms in your standard Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, etc.  Our couch flipped out onto a twin bed and was quite comfortable.  It's the same bed they have available on the Disney cruise ships (not the main bed).  

The biggest benefits to staying here were the access to early entry into the parks and the ability to return easily to the room during the day to take naps, drop off purchases, change clothes, etc.  Yes, the price for the room is higher here than all the hotels a few blocks away, but it's the convenience you're paying for.

The staff was really friendly and helpful.  It was a breeze to store and then retrieve our luggage.  The one downside are the elevators.  They can be slow and very crowded.  However, if you look around, you'll find an elevator off to the side that can be used.  

There is a pool with waterslide for adults and kids, a cafe for quick bites, a full service restaurant and a gift store for all things Disney, with the same prices as the items offered inside the park.   There is an arcade for children.  WiFi is available for free throughout the hotel.

Paradise Pier is located across the street from the Grand Californian, which is the hotel closest to the theme parks and Downtown Disney.

There is a shuttle that runs from the Orange County Airport ($18 p/p) but for around the same price per person, we opted to take a taxi.  

There are a lot of restaurants close by, even within walking distance, that cater to all tastes and budgets.

It's a very beautiful hotel and service was great but it is about 400$ per night ...i did not like the pool area it smelled and looked like pee everything was old and yellow but I really like how the room was decorated and the view was spectacular!! You can see all Disney California  lights and cars land looked beautiful!!! I also like how they let you go into the park an hour before they open to the public ...also the give you passes that allow you to go in any ride without making any lines it is very worth it !!!

The view was wonderful! The beds where so comfortable and we where allowed late check out time. It was a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. If I had more money I would've stayed another night since it was our daughters 2nd birthday and the drive back home was almost 3 hours.

Do not recommend.  Tinker Bell ran out of fairy dust for my families stay or else how could I explain out negative experience when all we expected was a magical stay.  First, Ines at front desk was underwhelming as our first contact with the resort.  She checked us in with as much gusto as a Motel 6 worker.  She didn't offer much information on the benefits of staying here (magic hour, dining options, connecting to wifi-- anything you'd usually expect at a nice hotel).  I had to ask all the questions because I had heard of these things through reservations like the magic hour. I asked if there was any dining experience she'd recommend and she said they're all good.  Ok, well maybe she was having a bad day.... 

The room was average.  Was expecting more Disney decor in the room as I've stayed at Legoland hotel and thought a Disney resort would at least be equal or better.  I paid extra to have a view.  The view wouldn't been amazing of Cal Adventure but there was this film or dirty(?) window and the view was blurry.  I'm thinking, what the heck?  When you pay over $350 for a premium view, would be nice to have a clear view, but ok.

Went to the pool.  Nice pool.  My son enjoyed the slide.  Overall a positive experience.  

Went to my room to shower and discovered that the tub was clogged.  I figured maybe it just was slow and it wouldn't be a big deal.  

Went to PCH restaurant and that was a wonderful experience.  Great food!

Went off to theme park, not too bad of a walk.

Back to the tub, well the water didn't go down and so I called front desk because I didn't want to shower in old dirty water.  Long story short, I had to call multiple times.  No one was coming up and it was getting late. The family wanted to sleep.  The workers didn't arrive until past 11:30.  It's almost midnight before they left.  The woman Denise (?) on the phone knows this because I'm calling and really doesn't offer any kind of apology for the inconvenience.

BTW, I told reservations that we were celebrating my son's birthday.  I told them only because they asked.  Not that I expected anything but after I thought why did they ask-- maybe a happy birthday would've been nice.  Anyway, we are local and didn't have to stay her but thought it would be nice.  Should've stayed home.

Is it long...yA.  Is it emotional.... Ya....  Have I actually stayed there yet... No...Is there a point.....ya. They have pack and plays in every room. 


 My husband, 12 month old daughter and I, are traveling to disneyland on Tuesday. I contacted paradise pier just to check and make sure everything was perfect with our reservation, and to see if there would be a crib in the room for my daughter. I spoke with Patrick, I mentioned the measles issues the park has been having, and they my 12 month old daughter had not been vaccinated yet. And that I was a little concerned. I asked how they have been handling the situation. More curious the concerned at this point, really just making conversation while he pulled up the reservation. 

Then the conversation went very wrong. 


He mentioned that the park is "doing nothing" "it's not really their issue, and even tho it's still in the 21 day window to watch for measles, they really aren't concerned". That does not make this mother feel very good. So I ask to speak to a manager assuming that he was just having a bad day, and sick of worried mommies calling about the issue.  

All I really was looking for was a little schmooze about how disney takes the up most concern for the health and safety of all the children that come to disney.... Put a little butter on it, tie it in a bow, and I'll sleep easy.  How is the PR statement not already written up about this... 

But I digress....
The front desk manager (a girl with an A name) continued to argue the point that disney is not taking any not concern with this. After a half hour of repeatly being put on hold so I can "cool down" she says "well, we can deep clean the room if you really want" then hangs up the phone. (Please note Patrick never actually got my name or info when I first called, so they have no clue what room to deep clean).

 I do call back.

  And talk to Patrick again, and ask for a manager. He says there is not one there, but he will have one call me. Just to cover me bases, I ask the cancelation policy on my room. He blindly transfers me to reservations. 

 The poor reservation guy (never caught his name). Told me that they have put hand sanatizers out around the park. But that my room is unrefundable, and that if we cancel, we will lose our money. He transfers me to a manager in reservations. Her response to the same question "what is disney doing to promote the health of children in the park" she says "well, if you take your child out to any store or park, they will be exposed to germs and deseases, that a risk you yave to take, your options are, 1. Cancel the trip, 2 leave the kid at home, or 3 take the gamble".  

She then offered to waive the fee if I did choose to cancel my reservation. I asked her to note that in my reservation, and that I needed to talk to my husband.  I am crushed. 

It's  not disneys fault that some sick kid got some other kids sick.... I get it. ... I'm a very pro vaccine( not planning on disputing my thoughts, so, peanut gallery... Please zip it.) new mom taking her child to disneyland for the first time, my hubby and I are running for the first time there, we spent our honeymoon there, we are a disney family. And have encountered 4 different customer service agents who make me want to cancel my trip and never come back. 

I was in tears. 

Waiting for my hubby to call and discuss what we are going to do. Then Stephanie (the front end manager) calls. She walked me thru how disney try's to maintain high standards of cleanliness, and that they are (and have been) doing everything to keep everyone, especially, the kids, healthy, since its cold and flu season. She went over my reservation, and walked me thru what a deep clean of the room is. She said that she would set my room up win one, just so she had a better piece of mind about the situation.  She gave me her info, and told me that If i had any concerns, to seek her out. She saved a customer today. And gave this momma a lot more piece of mind about our trip.  


And she finally answered my question about the crib.

Amazing Pool!! Be sure to go to the 3rd floor roof top to see the fireworks every night &amp; they play the music to go with it!

Each room's is decked out in Disney decor - Looks Great!!

HOWEVER,
Elevator wait time is ATROCIOUS!! SOO LONG!! 

Best Tip about this place: they never police their parking lot (or at least not when I was there - granted I was allotted as many parking passes as I needed) but the security arm was never down when I stayed there. Thus... free parking? And walk up to the park, not my recommendation to do, but putting it out there as a risk option.

Eh...Nothing to write home about. Comparable to your typical $120-$140 hotel. The only difference is the concierge service. Gets you a bunch of free snacks throughout the day. 
Either pay extra to stay across the street at the Grand California where it's REALLY nice or save a bunch of money and stay at the Best Western a block farther from Disneyland. No reason to stay here. It's nice to be close to the park, but if you're gonna pay extra for that, you may as well go for the nice hotel. The Paradise isn't very nice at all really. I think we would have liked it a lot more if not for the staff. Just not that helpful or warm.

Great place to have character breakfast with your family. Been here few times and we love the atmosphere. Miss the sushi place which was awesome.

A Disneyland property within proximity of both Disneyland and California Adventure. 

Decent, somewhat modern hotel style, with plenty of dining amenities.  Pretty much an ocean/surf theme throughout although its no where near a body of water.  

We found the staff to be well-trained Disney drones, and getting in and around the property was pretty easy.  Were in the Anaheim area on a half-marathon (Disney event) weekend so traffic was heavy and there were a lot of restrictions with getting around due to race route and special event stuff. All-in-all it was handled well, and I really enjoyed the race and event.

Had a family breakfast at the All-One-Can-Eat fatty go nuts Surf's Up Buffet and my inner fat self really enjoyed the heaps of bacon and 96 varieties of carbohydrates.

Not a bad place and more affordable than the CA Lodge or Disneyland Hotel.

ENJOY!

My wife booked a room here to attend training seminar for her occupation.
Our room was on 14th floor (15th is the highest floor).  Unforunately, my room was
facing the swimming pool and Downtown Disney parking lot so view was nothing to rave about but if you are lucky and get the room with the view of Disneyland California Adventure, view should be awesome, specially at night time.  Room was very clean but did find a Dasani water bottle underneath the curtains and it did not belong to our group.  Room was also roomier than I thought and beach theme interior was nice touch.

This was our first time staying at a Disney Resort. We chose this hotel over the more expensive California Adventure hotel figuring we would not be in the room enough to pay the surplus. Disney employs the gold standard for staff and service and made us feel like the most important guests at the resort. Having now seen the other pools at the Disneyland Hotel, we might be willing to pay a little more for that hotel, but overall, the California Paradise Pier was a good experience and far better than staying outside the park because we were able to walk back to the room for our son's nap and then hit the park in the evening. It has excellent access to the California Adventure Park and Downtown Disney. I recommend checking out Costco Travel for packages.

This was our 2nd time staying here, and it is a great hotel. 
Right here at Disneyland. 
A short few minutes walk to both parks and Downtown disney, which has numerous places to eat, drink and shop. 
The staff here are outstanding!! They always are happy, friendly and helpful.
There are a couple of places to eat here at the hotel, the PCH Grill and the Surfside Lounge. (Plus a vending machine room on the 1st floor). 
There are 2 bars onsite, the Surfside Lounge &amp; the Sand Bar on the 3rd Floor. 
They have an amazing fitness center, a guest laundry with 4 washers &amp; 8 dryers. There is a business center with 4 computers &amp; a few printers. Not to mention an amazing pool  area if you have time between the 2 parks. 
Our room was spacious, 2 queen beds, large bathroom, mini fridge and nice TV. It very clean and comfortable. We had 2 couples in our room and more than enough room for our 2 night stay.
You do have to pay for parking, even as a hotel guest, $17 a day.

I would recommend it for the convenience &amp; experience.

I read some of the other reviews on the Paradise Pier Hotel, but I went into this experience with an open mind. 

We stayed here last Wednesday thru Friday. Checking in was easy. The front desk people were very nice. The lobby is very small. It consist of the front desk, a gift shop, a very small lounge area and a restaurant. So if you are expecting the grandure of the Grand Californian, you should probably go stay there. Parking is $17 per day to self park and $25 per day for valet. For those visiting California and staying at a hotel, yes, there is a charge to park so don't be shocked.

Our room was spacious. It even had a couch that turned into another bed. The decor was beachish and the room was clean. The only weird thing is that the tv doesn't turn so you will have to sit in bed and watch it. 

Getting to Disneyland and Downtown Disney is a little bit of a hike. I would say that is really the only downside to this place. However you get into the park early. In our case it was 7am. Which was great because we knocked out about 8 rides before 10am.

If you are looking a cheaper hotel with the Disney experience, give this place a try.

NO STARS! We have a family of 6; our children are 4,5,6,7. Because rooms only accommodate 5 people max, we needed to make reservations for adjoining rooms. We made the reservation well in advance. Upon arrival we learned they were over booked and we would have to split our family into two separate rooms down the hall from each other. We were livid, but we were promised that the next morning we were top priority and they would have us in adjoining rooms. We spoke with the front desk the next morning to make sure this was still true. After being assured we would have adjoining rooms, we went to Disneyland. When we came back to check into our new room GUESS WHAT.... They were overbooked!!! Why would we go on a family vacation to be split in half and stay in separate rooms. We are furious an frantically trying to find a hotel to accommodate us on the last night of our stay.

What you are getting here is an extremely cheap hotel experience for the price above and beyond the best of the best. Everything in this hotel is dated 30 years in my opinion. The staff was wonderful, but even the greatest staff couldn't bring this hotel to two stars. I stayed in a "suite" that had worn-out, 1980's-era furniture and ultra expensive room service. The noise level on floor 13 was crazy all night. The sound travels from the ground floor and I could hear workers doing stuff all night. The key point here is price. My bill was $1700 for 3 nights and it was a $300 experience.

I went here for a cousin's wedding reception. The banquet hall was beautifully decorated and everything was handled awesomely. The waiting area had good finger foods while we waited. The hall was big and the wedding host was a great person with great emcee skills. The food was the best. The main dish and salad and soup were tasty. They later had Mickey Mouse dance with the bride and groom and the event was well planned. If you have your reception with Disney, everything is covered.

After staying at all of the Disney resort property hotels in Anaheim,  the Paradise Pier Hotel asset is the view of DCA.  On the Park side of the hotel you have a full view of DCA and you can view the World of Color show although the experience is no comparison to viewing same in DCA.  Rooms are clean and nicely decorated "Disney themed."  Guests may access DCA via the Grand Californian Hotel across the street.

I'm so sad that we stayed here instead of the Grand. I should have knew... The room was just okay, nothing special. The beds sucked! Everything was so old here. If I paid $100 more I could have been at the grand. Not worth the price to stay here. It's only convenient because its walking distance to Disneyland. If you guys want to save rather stay at the Marriott or Hilton just down the street and for way cheaper!

So yes, this is an expensive hotel, but it's also a Disneyland Resort property. I, for one, think that my family and I got out of it everything that we paid for it! Check in was fast and easy. We were in room 1512 (which is in the center of the top floor overlooking Disney's California Adventure Park). The view was SPECTACULAR!!! We even had a great view of the Disney's "World of Color" show from our room, and if you tune into the Disneyland resort channel during the show the music is actually piped in so that you don't miss a moment!!!! 

If you stay here, definitely shell out the extra coin for the CONCIERGE floor. You get a complimentary breakfast (6-9am), snack time (12-4pm), wine and cheese service with "heavy hors d'oeuvres" from which you can make a decent dinner  (5-7pm), and a dessert hour (8-9pm)-plus all the bottled water you can carry!!! TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

We got mouse shaped rice krispie treats and milk upon arriving back to our room on our first night. There was a plushie mickey mouse and a plushie Dalmatian puppy left by house keeping on our second day. We had a turn-down service every evening, with lovely chocolates left on the pillows. 

There is a very nice pool, kiddie pool, water slide, and a hot tub as well, but we were so busy enjoying the parks that we only used the pool for about an hour on our second day.  My 6 year old really loved the big water slide, and I really loved the poolside cabana! 

We also got to use the private entrance into the Disney California Adventure park via the Grand California resort Hotel, that drops you off right in from of the white water raft ride, and one hour's early entrance into each park so that we could ride the POPULAR rides before the general admission crowds showed up. 

This is definitely what Disney Magic is all about. I can highly recommend Paradise Pier Hotel as a great family destination to anyone with kids.

This was our first Disney CA visit and we splurged to stay on site and get a Concierge level floor.  The hotel was clean and well appointed.  The concierge level included daily breakfast, snacks, drinks and water bottles to bring to the park.  I think this more than paid for the extra cost.  We asked for a view if possible and we got a great room overlooking Disney California Adventure.

A few cons....the pool area wasn't great.  It felt like a pool was built into a huge concrete covered roof.  We only visited once.  The kids weren't impressed and didn't want to return.

Elevators are really slow and there are only 2 for a 15 floor building.  

It's a walk to get to the parks ---easily a mile or bit more.   Parking is $17 a day.  Parking garage does not have an elevator - very walkable down/up even with luggage.

Amazing... So conveniently located directly across from California Adventures. They have early check-in and texted you when your room is ready.  The rooms were very clean and decorated with a beach theme. They have an arcade, theater, and swimming pools. They also had a character breakfast. The food was great, buffet style, and the Disney characters roamed through the dining room and posed for pictures with each of the kids. My kids loved it! My only reason for the 4 stars was the price of the breakfast. I was told 1 price while booking and it was actually more. Staff is friendly and helpful. Parking tower was kind of on the smaller side with no elevator. We stayed 3 days and will definitely be back.

My husband and I booked our most recent Disneyland trip and decided to stay at the Paradise Pier Hotel for our anniversary. Overall, our experience was a very good one, but there were a couple things that would prevent us from staying here in the future.

CONS:
Probably the number one reason for us not booking another stay here is the beds. We had 2 queens in our room, and they are very firm, and in our opinion not very comfortable because we are use to a much softer mattress. For someone else who prefers a firm mattress, they would probably be fine sleeping here. As a result though, neither one of us slept very well on our trip. 

The elevators are slow, which sucks, but if you don't have a lot of stuff to carry up and/or down with you, I would recommend taking the stairs. 

The wifi was much slower than our regular cell service, so we chose not to connect to it (no big deal). The cable channel options aren't super extensive, but seriously why would you go to a Disneyland hotel just to watch TV? 

PROS:
Guest services was AMAZING!! Everyone was friendly, accommodating and willing to help out. True Disney service. We had booked a premium view room, but because we were on the 6th floor (the lowest of the premium view rooms), we were pretty much level with the very tall palm trees, and couldn't see much of DCA, which was a bummer, considering we paid for the upgraded view. We went to guest services to talk about switching rooms, and they offered a move us to the 8th floor OR they would discount our room to the non-premium view rate. We opted for the discount, and used the money saved to purchase a few extra goodies. The downside of being on the park side of the hotel is that you can hear the delivery trucks late at night as they back into the loading docks, and if you are trying to fall asleep, the beeping as they back up is not a welcome sound. 

We ordered room service for breakfast (yum!) and it was delivered on time and still warm. The maids were friendly, and very efficient when it came to cleaning our room. No nasty little surprises of left over ick after they were done. Very superb job on keeping the room and hallways clean, neat and tidy.

Just a couple things to note:
The hot tub and pool are standard size, but because we went during the off season, and in the middle of the week, neither one was very busy and we were able to relax in the hot tub after our day in the parks. 

The walk from the hotel is rather long (about 10 minutes) however it's not that much further than the Disneyland hotel itself, you can cut through the Grand, and you can take the monorail into Disneyland. 

Purchases can be delivered to your hotel and are available the next day for pick up. This was a great option as we didn't want to a) carry the bags around, b) rent a locker and/or c) walk back to the hotel just to drop stuff off. 

All in all, we enjoyed our stay, and look forward to our next trip!

I've been to Disneyland a million times throughout my life but never stayed at a Disney hotel. 

Moving out of state and realizing my boyfriend had never been I began bugging him to go to Disneyland. He surprised me with tickets to the park, even a stay at the paradise pier!

Disney knows what they're doing, not even just for kids. Everything was so perfect. 

Turns out on this trip my boyfriend was to propose!! My boyfriend contacted the hotel to see what they could do to help him with that.  Jessica the hotel manager went above and beyond and everything was so magical. 

Before I knew what was going on, we got a room upgrade to a room with a view of the whole park, complimentary desserts, pictures with Goofie, balloons and lei's. 

I was ecstatic with all that. 
Then..

The proposal, with him not having ever been to Disneyland he didn't know where to do it in the park. We've always loved 'Bugs life' so Jessica chose a perfect spot in 'Bugs Land'. My boyfriend lured me to the area where I didn't even notice cast members or Jessica herself were standing and captured every moment on photo and video. It was truly amazing. They even had 'Flik' come and take photos with us!!

After a wonderful day at the park we come back to the room set up with chocolates and roses on the bed, even an extra thoughtful gift of 'Wall-e and Eve' mugs. 

Stay at the 'paradise pier'! So so worth it.

Another perk of staying at a Disney hotel is you get the extra magic hour into the park, we got on all of the big rides in the time with barely any wait time. Made navigating through the park on a busy weekend a breeze.

Thank you so much Jessica!!

Just livid. Booked a room online 3 months ago. Called to verify our reservation for tomorrow, find it out it was mysteriously cancelled. nothing they can do for us. all rooms booked. No Help, just Sorry about that. So much for customer service. Have to plan a whole different vacation now. Thanks alot Disney. Worst experience. if you have to, call to make the reservation. DO NOT DO IT ONLINE.

Was it a nice stay?................................YES! 
Was it clean?........................................YES! 
Was customer service top notch?.......YES!
Was it worth it?......................................NO!

An average room with no view goes for $250-350 a night.  What you get is a basic clean, modernly Disney decorated room.  There really isn't anything very special about it.  It did have some nice amenties but I want to talk about one of the biggest disappointments.........PROXIMITY TO THE PARKS!

Yes, you are closer than all non Disney hotels to the parks AND yes, you can get access to California Adventure through the Grand hotel (everyone does).  However, its still a bit of a walk.  For some reason I thought one of the biggest perks in staying at one of the Disneyland hotels is that you have direct access to the parks through proximity and the use of the monorail.  This is completely false. You will have as much walking as someone who parks in the parking lot and gets shuttled in.  Unless you stay at Disney's Grand hotel.

For that reason alone, I would of rather stayed at a more affordable hotel with much better amenities at a much cheaper rate. 

Pros:
Extremely friendly staff 
Great pool area with slide 
Life guards at pool
Clean

Cons:
Everything is overpriced (from the rooms to a cup of plain coffee)
Poor direct access to parks
Plain standard rooms

Pretty descent hotel experience. No elevators in the parking structure so we have to carry all our luggages to and fro. What a bummer:(.. Vending machines are not working down at the lobby and in the hotel floors. I was close to getting dehydrated overnight,

This is going to be difficult to write, as I had very high expectations for this Disney property. 

I planned our 6 night stay at the Disneyland Resort 8 months in advance. This was the first time my daughters had been to Disneyland for more than a one day trip, and our first real family vacation ever. I wanted it to be a big deal! I couldn't afford Disneyland Hotel, so I went with Paradise Pier. 

Upon arrival we were all so excited, and I was pleased with the welcoming cast member who greeted us upon check in. He was very helpful and thorough. Also very friendly and charming. It was his one-year anniversary as a Disney employee, and he was visibly still very happy to be there. 

Because we arrived at 8:00 am on our first day, we were able to check in our luggage with the bell desk even though we wouldn't have a room until 3:00 pm. This was very helpful. Parking was easy and I felt my car was safe in the parking structure. 

While we enjoyed the park that first day, the hotel called to let us know a room was ready for us early 9:00 am!. Unfortunately I didn't get the message until after we returned to the hotel. (Slow data and reception in the Parks). 

When we arrived to our room, we discovered our luggage hadn't been delivered, although we had been told it would be out into the room for us. Maybe I misunderstood though, and a quick call to the bell desk and it was delivered in moments. 

As we settled in and unpacked, we discovered the drawers on our dresser/entertainment center were continuously opening on their own. (At one point in the middle of the night, I banged my ankle on the drawer.) we eventually used a piece of clothing to jam the drawers closed. 

The room was clean and well stocked with towels, extra pillows and blankets. The shower had a clothing line in it, which was helpful for the wet bathing suits. I'd have liked there to be more hooks in the bathroom to hang out pajamas or towels on. I felt guilty having fresh towels daily but there wasn't really anywhere to hang them to dry well. The fridge was helpful, yet very small. There wasn't a list of television channels available, which would have been helpful but honestly, we weren't there to watch tv. 

The kids spent some time at the pool while I attempted to upload our photos from the first day. This was when I discovered the router in our room didn't have a power cord. So, I didn't have any internet service right off the bat. I let the guest services desk know the next morning about it, but returned the next night to the same problem. I called the front desk and they said they'd fix it the following day. Nothing. I left a note for housekeeping about it. Nothing. I have up after the third day. So the entire trip, I was not able to upload photos or see our PhotoPass pictures from each day. 

Speaking of the pool: our room looked over the pool. At night, the pool lights never turn off. Sure, we had a blackout curtain, but we would have preferred waking to the sun coming into the room instead of having to use an alarm clock. 

As others have mentioned, the elevators are painfully slow. Were our feet and legs not so tired, we would have taken the stairs. 

The laundry facility on-site was clean and helpful. We were glad it was there. 

All cast members we encountered were wonderful, in spite of the internet problem having never been solved. No one really went out of their way to make the visit magical though. 

One morning we ate at Surf's Up for the character breakfast. We only saw three characters though, one of them being Mickey Mouse as we entered and a photo was taken. I felt a bit like I wasted the money I paid for the experience: the food was pretty decent, but we were there for the characters. 

Upon leaving, we weren't charged for parking like I thought we would be. Not sure why, but I sure didn't complain. 

Overall, Paradise Pier is pleasant enough. The decor and Disney feel
Are definitely wonderful. But for future visits, of which there will be many as I purchased annual passes, we will stay at a non-Disney property and save our money for other things.

We just stayed here and it was AMAZING!!!!!! From the outside the hotel already looks pretty great because it directly overlooks California Adventure. There is nothing like waking up in the morning with the sun raising over Radiator Springs. The first thing you see in the lobby is a huge statue of surfing Goofy. To your right is the hotel store (which had a surprisingly good selection of souvenirs), the cafe where you can get breakfast, lunch and coffee, and the hotel restaurant where you can have a character breakfast or dinner (more on that later). To your left would be the check in, elevators, arcade and movie room. When you take the elevator upstairs take the glass one that is on its own on the right to get a nice view. On the third flood is the pool, which is pretty nice. It has the main pool, a hot tub, a kids pool that is only a foot deep and a water slide (if you look closely from the top of the slide you can see the LA skyline). Also on this floor is the Sandbar which has some snacks and drinks. Come here to watch the fireworks at Disneyland at night. They play all of the music that goes with it and you don't have to worry about the crowds. The rooms are pretty nice, we had a room with 2 queen beds that overlooked California Adventure. If you also have a room facing the park, open the curtains and turn on the World of Color station on the TV to watch the show from the comfort of your room. The room service is pretty standard fare, nothing special.

The character breakfast was pretty good, not the best one but pretty good. It is beach party themed and plays Disney songs as if they were sung by the Beach Boys. The Characters there were Mickey, Stitch, Pluto, Daisy and Minnie.

The dinner was buffet style and it was AMAZING. It's in the style of a beach side BBQ so the meats are smoked tri tip and ribs with lots of comfort food sides. One of the best places to eat in any of the Disney parks.

The hands down best aspect of the stay was the location. Just like the other 2 hotels it is literally a walk away. California Adventure was across the street. Like actually across the street. If the windows opened I could have thrown a rock and had it land in the park. It is so close that you can hear people screaming on California Screaming. All you have to do is walk across the street through the Grand Californian and either to the back entrance to Downtown Disney for Disneyland or through the hotel guests only entrance to California Adventure and you are there. It's hard to imagine when you are used to Disneyworld, where you often have to leave at least 45 minutes to catch a shuttle to the park, that you can leave 10 minutes before the park opens and still have to wait.

Everyone that worked there was great. No one does customer service like Disney.

Overall, an awesome hotel and we would definitely stay again.

Best hotel of the resort hotels. This is our new go to. Love the atmosphere and can't wait for a new visit!

Had no problem with customer service. Rooms where great, we could watch California Adventure Light show. We walk the Disney Grand to get to the parks.  Easy! There is early morning runs through the parks, ask the concierge desk. Dinning is great. Every one was friendly.

I can say, hands down, this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. All of the cast members were friendly and delightful, the room was gorgeous, the amenities are amazing, and you're super close to everything you need that is Disney. They let us leave our car in valet after we checked out so we could go to Disneyland, and when I realized a day later I left something in the room, lost and found found it and mailed it to me at no extra charge. I've stayed here twice now and the only thing that I'm sad about was not being able to fully enjoy all of the events and amenities the hotel has to offer. Highly recommend this hotel.

I stayed here November 2013 with my husband. We booked this hotel as part of a Disney vacation package. At the time of booking, the price difference between Paradise Pier and Disney's Grand Californian for an eight day stay was around $300-$500. In retrospect, I wish we'd paid the extra and upgraded to the Grand Californian. I was surprised and disappointed how dated everything at the Paradise Pier was. This was both my husband's and my first ever trip to Disney, and it did take the wind out of our sails a little.  

The hotel staff are nice, and I have no faults with any of the "cast members" I met during my stay. The room itself - while dated and overpriced - was at least clean, and the bed comfortable. However, the shower pressure is woeful and there is only basic cable TV. Like other Yelp reviewers have said, the value just isn't there. The hotel itself is very dated, and the rooms are not on-par - either decor or amenity-wise - with the price point Disney is charging. 

We paid to have a room on a concierge floor, and that was one of the few things that *was* worth the money. The parks aside, the concierge lounge - called the "Beachcomber Club" - was the highlight of our stay at the hotel. The staff were fantastic and it was a lovely place to come to unwind before bed after a busy day in the parks. However, the perk of the concierge lounge alone would not be enough to warrant a return stay. Next time we visit the parks, we'll either be staying at the Grand Californian or at an off-site hotel.

TL;dr: Rooms are clean and beds are comfy despite hotel being quite dated and overpriced, staff friendly, concierge floor rooms worth the extra $. Skip the in-house restaurant. If you can swing it, upgrade to the Grand Californian or a preferred good neighbor hotel instead.

Our 3-night stay at the Paradise Pier hotel was consistent with what I would expect from a Disney resort.

The hotel was lovely. Our room was clean, pleasant, spacious, with accents of Disney that kept us immersed in the magic even after we'd said goodnight to the park. The front desk staff and guest relations seemed like genuinely happy people who seem to understand the value of hotel patrons' dollars: they know we pay a lot, so they go to the extra effort to be helpful and cheery, to explain all charges, and to handle the sometimes uncomfortable 'that'll be...(some large amount of money)' conversation in a way that makes you feel like they are on your team. Their warm smiles, helpfulness, and greetings provided us with an unspoken assurance that we would get our money's worth, and we did. For nearly $400 a night, our expectations were high. The staff made sure that they were met.

But there were a few things that fell short of our expectations. Considering how minor they were, that fifth star wouldn't have been hard to give, but it really should be reserved for a hotel experience that was flawless. Most of my petty criticisms are based on the fact that I paid a lot (a dollar amount comparable to rooms at a very well-known, ultra luxurious hotel), so I expect a lot. So here were the flaws we noted:

1) The luggage transport from our car to the room was subpar. The hotel did not provide luggage carts for guest use. Our options were either to lug our suitcases individually, along with diaper bags and our two road-weary babies, to our room, or to turn our luggage over to the bellhops and just take our kids upstairs with us and wait for our luggage to be delivered. We chose the latter, calling for our luggage as soon as we stepped into our room, thinking it would follow us immediately. Nope. Our luggage was delayed nearly 30 minutes as we sat in our room, frustrated, with none of our possessions. We were actually furious, as our bags contained fresh diapers, and we had a baby who needed one badly. Multiple phone calls to guest services and the luggage finally showed up.

2) The coffee at the coffee bar downstairs was horrible. Don't sell a latte if you don't even know what a latte is, folks. Having overworked servers doubling as baristas does not excuse poor quality coffee. Don't have a coffee bar if you don't understand coffee and if you can't make it properly. This is a vacation resort. My tastebuds want to be whisked away to a magical world too, and instead they were dragged through murky, burnt mud with a little tepid milk added. It was not even drinkable.

3) $35 for a really poor quality photo with Mickey at the PCH Grill character breakfast. The character breakfast itself? Worth $34 each, definitely. We were visited by 4 characters within 15 minutes, it was spectacular. But when a server brought by an over-saturated, grainy photo of us with beach Mickey in a cheap paper frame and told us...gasp...$35, okay fine, so we paid it. We're suckers--we had no other pics of all of us together. But we continue to whine to each other about how it really should have cost more like $15. For $35 I expect a stunning, edited and retouched photo (thanks to macros this could be done really quickly). I also expect it to be printed on a high-quality printer.  My home photo printer could have done better. The picture really looked cheap and over-saturated.

4) All of the Disneyland hotels should provide strollers. We could only bring our single stroller with us on our flight, and we were planning to rent a Disney stroller when we arrived (we have two kids under age 3). We learned that rented Disneyland park strollers can not be used to transport kiddos back and forth to the hotels. This is really where the hotels should step in. Charge more for it, fit it with a radio transponder, I don't care, but please give me the option of a stroller I can take back and forth from parks to the hotel, though! All we were offered was the phone number for a third-party stroller rental company. We would have to wait for delivery, and we'd be on the hook if someone walked off with that stroller while at the parks. We really wanted a hassle-free option, and that wasn't it.

All in all, we would stay here again, happily. We would pay what we paid again, happily. We had a wonderful time and felt the magic, truly. But the bottom line is that if a hotel is going to charge 5-star prices, I expect everything to be 5-star. Food quality should be evaluated and improved constantly, customer comfort should be evaluated and improved constantly, and my luggage should never be more than a few feet away from me. Really, don't go halfway with bell service: either let customers use the luggage carts themselves, or have a bell hop follow them to their room immediately.

Decided to stay at Disneyland an extra day last weekend. Our son had wanted to stay at a DLR hotel so we decided to splurge a bit. Yeah, it's the most economical of the 3 hotels, but it's still $300 and there were some questionable things said in other reviews. 

Wow! This place exceeded expectations! Front desk was friendly and allowed us to check in early since a room was available. Our room on the sixth floor was SUPER clean and had a tree line view of California Adventure. There was a microwave, fridge, and coffee bar. Furniture was not dated and Disney was all over the place, blankets, lamps, shower curtain, etc., to keep that magic going throughout the day. 

The stay came with what I've learned to be the perks of staying at an official Disneyland hotel. This included an extra hour at the parks every morning (aka 3 or 4 extra rides daily) and short walking distance to the parks. You can go on the Monorail around the corner to Disneyland or quickly walk through the Grand Californian to California Adventure. Having an annual pass and staying at a DLR hotel, we also got 2 Fast Passes for each person in the room and a free 5x7 photo. A lot of little things but they all add up. Along with the Disney magic in the room itself, my spouse agreed it was worth the cost.

My kids had a blast.. my fam was upgraded to one of the signature suites!!! it was awsome! luved this hotel! will definitely come back.. thanks paradise pier for helping me give my son an awsome birthday weekend

Paradise Pier is a great option if you're looking for a nice place close to Disneyland at a lower cost than the other Disney hotels. The room was clean and well furnished, the pool is nice, and the staff was very helpful. You can buy tickets to the park at the front desk. You also get into the park an hour early for staying here, which is a great way to beat lines for the more popular rides. Although the hotel is expensive, it was totally worth it. I will definitely be back.

My boyfriend and I decided to stay here for three days two nights. I didn't really have any expectations when going there, I was just excited that my boyfriend and I can have a first trip/ vacation together to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday! When we first got there, the hotel entrance is okay, nothing amazing. They did have a really cute goofy statue in the front and on the right side a little store with Disney everything! The front desk lady was great! I wish I could remember her name because she helped us out with everything. We did have a little issue with my card not hooking up in the system so we could use it throughout the hotel, but that was easily fixed.

The hotel itself was perfect for us. I give four stars because we reserved for a king bed knowing it was just going to be us two and when we got there, mind we got there at 2:30 (30 minutes before check in time) there were no more king rooms left so we did end up getting a two queen bed room, but it worked out in the end. the only other issue for us was that the walls were a little thin. We could hear the kids next door for awhile late at night, but we knew that kids would be excited for Disneyland and there would be some noise throughout the night. I give the cleanliness five stars! They made the beds just the way we like them, and on the first night my boyfriend decided to drop a whole bag of cheese pop corn on the bed, making a huge mess! We decided to order room service for breakfast in the morning and it was pretty good, but i don't think that two omelettes were worth 40$. 

The closeness to down town Disney was amazing! Only like 5 minutes walk if you stroll.  It did get a little tiring walking back and forth from the park but that's probably because my boyfriend and i need to exercise more lol It would be nice if the tram went from California adventure just like it does from Disneyland to downtown Disney, but that has nothing to do with the hotel. All in all I would stay there again, but we would defiantly want a king bedroom the next time! Oh and we did end up getting dropped off so we didn't have to pay for parking. I do think that is the best option if you do live in California. It saves you about 50$ if you were to stay 3 nights.

The only advantage to staying is the one hour early admission. The hotel is showing its age. The room we stayed in had so little water pressure that it was hard to get wet in the shower. We tried to use the elevator at 8:00 am and had to wait so long we ended up walking down from the 8th floor. $270 for early admission? I will let you judge.

Well they called me and offered a $200 credit for our 2 night stay which was generou

Excellent service, friendly people and efficient service. I had people run up to bring me mail and packages, and was directed to where I needed to be all weekend. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. There's also a heated pool with a water slide for the kids on the 3rd floor. Hotel is about a 5 minute walk to downtown Disney. Perfect for runDisney vacations!

We arrived at the hotel at 6:40am. 

*Valet parking 5 stars*

I forgot the man's name who attended us in the morning. He was an older tall white man who seemed very energetic and new how to drive stick shift.  He was very sweet and helpful. My friend decided to pay $25 for Valet Parking.  The next day the same man attended us with the same attention and enthusiasm. You can tell he loves his job

When we checked in the other couple, my hubby and I were asked for IDs. The lady who's name I don't remember noticed that it was my hubby's and my girl-friend's birthday. She said, later on therr will be something delivered to our room, 902, as a gift from the hotel to the birthday people. Sadly, THEY DIDN'T!

We wouldn't have mind it if they didn't promise them something over the phone and while we were checking in. 



Room was sanitized and welcoming.  The view is amazing. What you see in the pictures is exactly how it looks in person.  I fell in love with the shower it was huge. 

It has a large pool
It has a large slide adults can get on it too
One feet swimming pool for children
A gym (Really cool! You can watch TV while working out on the  equipments)
Jacuzzi
Towels are provided at the pool area

Remember you will be around loud children!!

Great atmosphere and Disney's legendary customer service. However, save your money and go to the Hilton. Marriott or the Hyatt Regency Orange County. while the room was super clean and the housekeeping was top notch. We used a couple items from the toiletries and brand new ones were added the next day. ( had I known I would have stowed away all of it to get a second set lol ) However, the bed was so lumpy that it was not fit to sleep on. The thermostat could only go between 75 and 65 but the windows wouldn't even open a crack. When I can get a 4-star room through Priceline for $100-$125 I  feel bad about spending over $250 a night on what I would consider a 3-star room at most. My neck is killing me from sleeping just two nights on the bed. If you want to pay more for the proximity convenience and that it's Disney stay here but I would rather save money in the future to spend in the parks and have a better nights sleep. Also, parking cost $18 a night you would think it could be included in the big price tag but it seems all hotels are now charging extra for parking.

After visiting Disney World 30+ times and staying at eight of their resorts, I had high hopes for my first Disneyland trip, and wanted to stay on property. PPH is the most affordable of the three on-site Disney owned hotels, although not an inexpensive stay.

The Good: 
The location is terrific. Although not as close as the Grand Californian and Disneyland Hotel, it was easy to walk to both parks and Downtown Disney within 5-10 minutes. 

I've seen some complaints here about the beds, but I thought they were great! I slept well every night. 

Very friendly front desk, gift shop and bell services staff.

Amazing view overlooking California Adventure. I was able to watch fireworks from the window every night.

The Meh:
This wasn't a bad hotel by any means, but it wasn't what I was used to as far as Disney properties go. The "pier" theme is minimal - a cute Goofy statue in the (tiny) lobby area, some festive beach ball pillows in the room, and a Donald Duck at the beach poster was pretty much it. It didn't live up to what I experienced at the WDW resorts. It just didn't feel DISNEY to me. No towel animals, which is something that is pretty standard in the WDW resorts. The carpet also appeared old and was obviously stained in some spots. 

The Bad:
The elevators. Slow...slow... slow. Some mornings it took 15 minutes before one stopped on my floor (4th floor) and by then people were so packed in, there was no room to even squeeze. On a few occasions, we took the stairs which was doable as we were on the 4th floor, but I definitely wouldn't be happy if we were higher up. 

The Wi-Fi was terrible. I was constantly needing to sign back in, and the signal was weak.

I'm torn on whether or not I'd stay here again. I think I'd prefer to splurge a little and stay at the Disneyland Hotel next time!

The room and amenities were nice, I would stay there again, but the food was very mediocre.  Stay away from the club sandwich and the macaroni and cheese.  The french fries are pretty bad as well.  The fruit in the kids meal and the grilled chicken sandwich with the spicy peppers were really good.   

Only other annoyance was you cannot borrow a luggage cart to bring your bags up/down to/from the rooms.  They're full service and have bell staff to do it for you but after spending money all weekend in the park, I was not inclined to tip someone for carrying my bags when I am capable of doing it myself.  Just made a few trips in the elevator.  But loaning out a cart would have been really convenient.

We had a lot of fun here and it's proximity to the parks and Downtown Disney cannot be beat! We booked our stay here online and did a package deal that included 3 days of park passes and a few swag items, like a pin lanyard and a free photo from one of the rides. 

The hotel itself was nice and the front check in staff was extremely friendly. We headed to the parks when we arrived, since check-in wasn't until 3 p.m. and the walk over to the parks is short and they have plenty of safe walkways to get there without concern.

The main water slide was down for renovation, but they offered access to the Disneyland Resort Hotel pool for all guests with a room key. The only real downside was that I had ordered a surprise to be in the room for the husband, and it wasn't done the way that I requested, a few things were left out and it kinda killed it for me. 

It's a pricier hotel, but a lot of the hotels in the area are just as pricey, and pretty far away, so you'll end up spending the difference in walk / shuttle time.

Overall: A
We'd stay again if we head back that way!

I'll admit that I didn't stay at Paradise Pier willingly.  I had to when Disneyland Hotel and Grand Californian were booked.  While I still prefer staying at Disney's other on-property resorts, I did have an overall pleasant stay with some nice surprises.  I would rate PP 3.5 out of 5 stars.

One of the differences with PP compared to the other DL resorts is the level of service -- the valet staff didn't greet us as we entered the hotel and never inquired if we needed assistance when we were obviously searching around for the shuttle pick up spot.  Throughout my stay I noticed they were often grouped together chatting.  

There was also a difference in the style of service I received from the front desk staff.  The cast member who helped me check-in was polite and took time to explain all of the amenities, but while she was working on printing out my documents she "broke character" to talk with some nearby coworkers about her after-work plans.  I was genuinely surprised that Disney staff would do this right in front of guests.  While this isn't a big deal and I didn't mind, I felt that this created more of an informal vibe to this resort than the others.  It didn't feel very "Disney".

My reservation was for a concierge-level room with a park view.  The room was on a high floor with an amazing view of California Adventure -- this was hands down the best part of staying at PP.  We could look down and see the rides like Goofy's Flight School and Mickey's Fun Wheel.  We could even see "behind the scenes" park activities like staff getting ready for parades and maintenance trucks driving through the park after hours. Each night we'd try to guess when the lights in Cars Land would go out.

Even with the less than perfect service, I still rate this hotel well because of the theme park view.  An amazing surprise that we has on our last night was watching an after-hours practice session of the lights/water show World of Colors.  I happened to wake up in the middle of the night and looked out the windows to be startled to see World of Colors lights and fountains going on at full blast.  Needless to say, I felt like the view was such a great perk. 

The room itself was tidy and clean but showing a bit of wear compared to Disneyland Hotel and Grand Californian, both of which were more recently renovated/built.  The theming feels like you're on a boardwalk with fun beach ball pillows and seaside inspired fixtures, very much in line with the hotels name and namesake area of the park.  One plus of PP is that it's across the street from the Grand Californian, so you can utilize a shortcut to Downtown Disney by walking through that hotel.  I'd venture to say that it seemed closer to the park entrances than Disneyland Hotel.

We did have access to the concierge room that offered drinks, light breakfast, snacks, and evening appetizers.  Part of the service also included getting a chocolate dipped mickey-shaped rice crispy treat in our room on the first night of our stay. I probably wouldn't do the concierge room again as I didn't utilize it enough to warrant the cost.

I still prefer to stay at the other DL resorts, but if I'm ever in another situation where those hotels are booked I'd definitely go back to Paradise Pier. Perhaps, I've just become an on-property snob, but fun perks like theme park views and extra world of Colors shows just aren't possible if you stay off property.

My Family and I have stayed here twice. Although it is pretty pricey for a room that your not in very long, just to sleep and bath. We found it to be very kid friendly and accommodating to our needs. The pool &amp; water slide are a blast. We did the character dinning that was great for the kids. We will definitely be back.

Check in was a breeze. Jerry who checked us in at 6:30 am was great. Friendly and talkative. Even pointed out some pointers how to get to park better for magic mornings. Jerry you get 5 stars. 
Jerry pointed out that we will be called when a room will be ready for us, it can be sooner or at 3pm.  He knew we drove over 6 hours straight to get there by 6:30am. 
So we get a call at 12:30pm saying our room was ready. So we check back in to get our new set of card keys. Hauled all our belongings up to the 5th floor the keys didn't work. Tried over and over nothing. The number that is on the cards that says to call if we have a problem sends you to a voicemail. Not a live person. So of course one of us has to go back down to get new keys. I stayed with the suitcases while my boyfriend went back to get a 2nd set of new card keys that worked. 
My reason for not giving more stars is we decided to take a nap since we were up over 12+ hours. Already laying down, I hear a knock. My boyfriend is like "ugh who is that" and I am almost asleep.. "HOUSEKEEPING OPENS THE DOOR" My boyfriend gets up and housekeeping is embarrassed and apologizes profusely. I was tired at that moment to call the front desk. 
So the next day I call the front desk from our room phone. The phone all I can hear is static and bunch of noise in the back. Hung up and tried again. Starts to sound a bit clearer, so I tell whoever answered, I am in room so in so and I need the room serviced &amp; her response was "I can't understand you call back" and hangs up. I call back and she tells me again she can't hear or understand what I am trying to say. "I will go to the front desk," I said and hung up.  But no need to do so, I seen the housekeeping in the hallway &amp; asked for room to be serviced. 
Overall it was clean, the fan in the bathroom didn't work. I didn't want to call front desk again to hear them tell me that they can't understand me.

Everyone was super friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and what we expected.  I have nothing negative to say about the resort.  I think we got a good deal for an on property resort.  I think the only thing was the elevators....for how big the hotel is they definitely could have used more than 3!  We had to wait often for an elevator and even had to pass a handful up because they were already full.  But that wouldn't keep me from staying there again.
I would for sure recommend this hotel.

On my last visit to Disneyland 3 years ago we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel.  We loved it.  It was clean, service was impeccable and the rooms were decorated nicely and amenities were readily available.  

My family and I again came to Disneyland from November 6-9 of this year to celebrate my son's 10th birthday.  I wanted to try a different Disneyland Resort hotel, so I chose the Paradise Pier.  Upon check-in, I asked for an upgrade to our room and was informed that the hotel was "almost completely booked."  ALMOST.  The guest services person did not tell us what the "almost" was, and we were flatly denied an upgrade.  I also asked about paying extra for access to the Club Level, which was where I really wanted to be.  Again, FLATLY DENIED.  

We checked in, and went up to our room.  Our nightly rate was over $300 for a "standard" room.  My observation of this room is that it is a Motel 6 with a "few" Disneyland decorations.  The room was very plain.  A lot less than what I would have expected for a Disneyland Resort.  The coffee service in the room was seriously lacking.  

The morning after we checked in, we went downstairs for breakfast.  Our first stop was the PCH Grill.  The woman working at the hostess counter rudely told us it would be an hour's wait for the buffet if we didn't have a reservation.  In looking into the restaurant, there were clearly tables available.  We declined to wait that morning, and ate at the Surfside Lounge.  Approximately 30 minutes later, my husband returned to make a reservation for the next morning.  This same hostess rudely told him that he needed to call in to make a reservation, but, she "guessed" that she would help him "this time."  She started to take his information and then abruptly stopped when another patron walked up and told my husband that he would have to wait while she helped this other person.  

That evening, after spending the day at Disneyland, we returned to our room to find a wet towel on one of the beds, after the room had been made up.  It was not left there by us.

The following morning, my child awoke to find a used Band-Aid in his bed.   A USED BAND-AID.  My husband took this Band-Aid to the Guest Services Desk and the woman behind the counter asked him what he wanted her to do.  She begrudgingly offered to buy us breakfast that morning.  My husband declined, and told her that we wanted the hotel to come up with a way to make this up to us.  Later that day, we returned to our room to find a few printed papers for our children to color on, a couple packages of crayons, a few squares of chocolates, a small Mickey Mouse doll and Minnie Mouse hair clips that had seen better days.  Oh and there were a few bags of cinnamon cookies.  My 5 year-old daughter is allergic to cinnamon.  This entire assortment was sloppily "dropped" on one of the beds.  Seriously, THIS was the best a Disneyland Resort Hotel could do??

This half-assed attempt to "make good," as I can only assume this is what this was, was not enough to change our view of the overall lack of hospitality that we experienced in your hotel.  It is appalling to me that NOT ONE of your employees was willing to accommodate us in the manner we would have expected from the Disneyland Resort.  No, I take that back:  the valets were wonderful.  That is the only positive thing I can say about my experience at your hotel.  My family spent thousands of dollars for this vacation.  For my son's 10th birthday.  Instead of going home remembering a great trip, we went home disappointed and disgusted.  

We stayed at a Disneyland Resort Hotel because we wanted the full Disneyland experience.  At over $300 a night, I really wish we had stayed at the Howard Johnson across the street.  At a Disneyland Resort Hotel you expect a certain level of hospitality.  Isn't that what Disneyland is all about?  The whole experience???  It's bad enough that the park itself is so expensive, but we pay it for our children.  To throw a bad hotel experience into the mix and to have the hotel and its staff NOT CARE, that is enough to ruin a vacation.

I don't have anything really to say that's negative about this hotel. We paid extra for concierge level aka club level aka beachcomber club and it was soooo worth it! Love the perk of the lounge where you can get snacks food drinks including espresso machine and chilled beverages throughout the day...it was awesome and the cast members were more than helpful and friendly. They encourage you to stock up for the parks or your room. It's right across the street from Grand Californian Hotel so it was a short walk thru there to DCA.

I have the pch 5 stars but it was not for manager service that was a little disappointed but ir was for their chef Berta 
I went to eat at the pch on march 9 I had a server name Helen and she was horrible always in a rush and in a bad mood all most as if she didn't want to be their requested to speak with a manager and a Joey show and he was worst then her the only thing I like was the pizza if you want a fresh to order pizza stretch right in front of your eyes then then this is the place I like  chef Berta she was really good and knowledgeable she knew exactly what she was talking about and patient too for that thank you chef Berta it was a great experience and it made up for all the other issues

Expensive. However less expensive than Disneyland Hotel and the grand Californian. Across the street from grand Californian and easy California adventure park access. Worth it for the magic hour. Staying at any of the Disneyland hotels gives guests one hour access to one of the parks before opening time. That alone makes it worth the price. Guest service is good however I did not spend much of my time at the hotel anyway. The pool looks really cool however I did not swim in it because I do not have small children and I don't like swimming in pee ahahahahaha. Room Decor is fun and Beach Disney themed. One thing that does suck is they charge $17 extra per day for parking. However it is very close and easy access.

Not the experience I expected, upon arrival the person checking us in was completely unfriendly. The first thing she said was that there was a 17.00 charge for parking per day, this is the first time we have ever paid for parking at a place we are staying. 

They have no bottled water or anything in the mini fridge, and when we asked for water they pointed us to the vending machines that have Dasani for 3.25 a bottle. 

They charge for absolutely everything, if we wanted a room that wasn't overlooking the horrible parking lot they had a 40.00 charge. 

The furniture is a bit beat up, the hair dryer almost caught on fire and when I called the guest service they just said they would send a new dryer. 

One of the worst experiences we have had :( specially for the price you pay. Do not plan on staying here ever again.

This hotel has a really fun feel. Bright colors, give it a really ocean atmosphere. It's a beautiful hotel and more affordable than the other hotels in their chain.

Customer service is great, rooms are clean, and the lobby is decent.

I always stay at the Disney Resort when visiting  Disneyland. I really enjoy staying at this hotel. Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  The rooms are great. The beds are great. Try and get a room poolside,  you won't regret it.

My first stay at this hotel was just this past weekend.  I am still floating on a magical cloud after my stay!
First of all I was greeted by the nicest of people at the front desk who checked me in and advised that my room was not quite ready yet but that I would get a text when it was.  Then he excused himself for a moment and came back with an autographed picture of Minnie Mouse, my favorite character.  
From that moment on every cast member at this hotel is outstanding!  They are friendly, caring and did everything they could to make our stay the best it could be.  
We booked the concierge level and I won't stay here any other way.  Having access to the Beachcomber club room was fabulous.  Breakfast in the mornng, snacksall day, and appetizers and drinks at night!  Perfect!
Rochelle and Ace were so attentive and did their best to make sure we were well taken care of.
I could go on and on and on about everyone (wish I could remember everyones name) and what a great time we had!  
Rooms are clean and filled with perfect Disney touches.  The turndown service at night was special and appreciated.
I cannot wait to come back!

On checking in the lobby is very small . The receptionist went over our info and has gone somewhere. She is very nice.the hotel is less expensive then the Disney Hotel and it shows. :/ before you pay $400 a night for a hotel room make sure you are not staying in front of a parking lot full of horns, tubas and drums!! It's been going on for over an hour! It's some kind of marching band! I have the worst headache. Not okay! Since 4:45am! At least get some kind of sound proofing. I'm so tired!

I was honestly really unimpressed by this hotel!!! Firstly I have now completed the Disney circle of their 3 hotels and I can say I will not be back to this one. I am surprised they have such high marks on a Yelp.

I would compare this hotel to a 3 star Best Western/Comfort Inn.  Room, beds, bathroom, tv and fridge... Nothing really disneyish besides spotty cable with a few disney channels.

Pool was basic and kinda small to be honest with a single slide small kiddie pool the size of a hot tub and 1 small hot tub that fits 9 people... Remember I'm at a Disney Hotel People!! There was however a walk up bar/snacks hut with one guy working and personally delivering drinks to people running a tab so that was a LONG wait for 2 horrible Mojitos!! Let's just say "Mojito flavoring" is used oppose to actual mint, lime, and simple syrup mulling.... Tasted like  mojitos cough syrup... Uhhhh!! 

Decent proximity to DownTown Disney but not Disneyland at all! So if you want to make the most of your magic morning you need to walk!! Unless you stake out the monorail stop and your forsure on the first trip over.... 

Worst part yet!! Bell hops and elevators!! When we got there they're were 3 just chillin' by the window kinda starring so I get out not knowing if we can unload or what and no one comes to help or see what's up... I ask another employee and they still don't come over so I go to them ask if we can unload and ask if there's a luggage carrier and we finally get some movement... Really?!? But they did however try to hang around our room for a tip!! No sir!! Go back to conversating!! 

 Long wait for elevators they were horribly slow!! Waiting 20 mins plus to get down with luggage and stroller.  Otherwise we would have taken the stairs. They tried to say it was a weight issue, then that it's busy and when we finally got down we saw  ...  Which is it?!? 

Ok my rant is over!! Better off at a marriott for half the price and free breakfast!!!

Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel was our home base for our 5 day vacation to Disneyland &amp; Disney's California Adventure.  It was our first trip to the area, so we knew we wanted to be within walking distance of the parks and also stay at a Disney hotel.  This hotel is very easy to get to and parking was no problem!  It is a quick walk across the street to Downtown Disney and the entrance to both Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure.  We had a room with 2 queen beds, located on the 8th floor of the hotel.  Our room was the first one off the elevator lobby, so I expected to have a lot of noise as people used the elevator and happily, not a single noise was ever heard in our 5 day stay!  We were happy with the desk staff, as they gave us tips for how to get to the parks and the best way to find the characters we were looking for.  My only complaint is that most mornings, we had to wait a long time for an elevator, as we tried to get to the parks before they opened.  Three of these mornings, we chose to take the stairs, with our seven year old.  We were happier taking 8 flights of stairs than waiting 15-20 minutes for an elevator.  Other than that, we were very happy with our stay at Paradise Pier!

This hotel is great!  We really enjoyed our stay for two nights at the Paradise Pier hotel.  I'm only giving this place a four because our stay wasn't so convenient to the theme parks.  I mean, yeah it's closer to the theme parks but compared to the Disneyland Hotel, this one requires more walking because you have to walk across the street through the Grand Californian hotel in order to reach the side entrance of the park.  This line was much smaller than going through the main doors, but I'd rather be transported through the monorail to reach the inside of the park.  It's more convenient.

Hotel staff is very nice, and the view from the 14th floor is AHHH-MAAAZING.  We watched World of Color in our hotel rooms - LOL.  What an experience!  Since we've already seen it several times, we thought the hotel room would be more convenient and a different view than what you usually see!  

You also get complimentary Rice Krispies shaped in mouse ears, and the mouse ears dipped in chocolate!  And they give you some milk to go with your krispies... so cute!!

Bathroom was very nice and was friendly to kids and little ones.  They even had a crib that could be assembled in the rooms if needed.  The beds were so comfortable!  I had a great night sleep every night I was here especially after the long walking at the parks.  

Overall, great hotel, but I would prefer living EVEN more closer to the parks for the magic!!!!

We normally stay at a good neighbor hotel but wanted to splurge for the full disney experience this time. Paradise pier hotel was disappointing from the moment we checked in. I expected Disney magic and was sorely disappointed. No bellmen came to help us with our luggage when we were dropped by the shuttle. the front desk person was not particularly friendly or helpful, just gave us our room keys. The room was awful, minimal theming, lots of hallway noise coming through the door, beds that were rock hard. The walk to the parks are much farther than the good neighbor hotels. The good neighbor hotels across the street had more themeing,  more comfortable best and friendlier staff. The pool was being renovated so we were told we could use either of the other hotel pools, which turned out to be a hassle as well. but the Disneyland hotel pool was really cool. still, having to walk far to use the pool sucked. The only benefit to staying at PP is the daily early admission to the parks, and being able to get to dca thru the Grand. Bottom line, next time we will save our money and stay at a good neighbor hotel.

This was our 3rd time staying here and once again was an amazing experience! We have stayed at all 3 Disneyland Resort Hotels and Paradise Pier has become a favorite! It's the most affordable, but it also has the biggest standard rooms and I think better access to the park than the Disneyland Hotel!

We decided to stop in the surfside bar at the hotel for my husband and I to have cocktails before dinner. Our bartender was so friendly, prompt and knowledgable. Her name is Tabetha. She made our experience very nice. Will be back again

This place was perfect for family of 4. We got an amazing view and club level service here for the same price as a standard room @ either of the 2 other resort hotels. The location @ PPH is awesome with California Adventure across the street through the Grand California and Disneyland less than a 10 minute walk away. Downtown Disney is a 4 minute walk through the back or side entrance of PPH. The hotel is super clean and smells like suntan lotion! Our room was awesome and had an amazing view of California Adventure with World of Color lighting up our window at night! Donnie @ the Beach Comber Club was wonderful and took such great care of us. He really made us feel at home. We've stayed @ all 3 Disney hotels and while they are all great, this one is more bang for your buck. We will definitely be going back.

Nice hotel, great view from our room except window was cloudy, we got to see The World of Color from our window. Cute decor and Comfy beds. Room service was tasty and it was my son's bday and we ordered the treasure box cake for him, super cute. Wish they would have told us about the character breakfast in the morning though. We tried to go and were told we needed a reservation before 10am so my kids were sad after waiting in line to find out we couldn't go in.

I recently stayed here because it was the most reasonably priced of the Disney hotels during Halloween. And I really liked it!

It's beach-themed, so the decor was really cute and tasteful. The rooms are incredibly spacious and well kept. It was great to have a mini fridge inside, too. The workers are very friendly, and on Halloween, the maid even put a rubber duck in a witch's costume on the bathroom counter! Such a nice touch.

The walking distance to the parks is not far at all; I would say I got there within 5-10 minutes. And the magic hour totally helps! 

On the day of check out, I was given the option of being able to stay one more night for only $128. And that would have been a Saturday night! 

The only downsides were the water temperature was not uniform during my showers, and the walls are a little thin (I heard the baby crying next door).

Bottom line: I really liked this hotel and would happily stay again. The workers are wonderful, and the proximity to the parks was great.

My boyfriend and I just returned from a visit to Disneyland and the Paradise Pier Hotel and had a great time! We originally chose to stay at the Paradise Pier Hotel in order to access the on-property vacation "package" which includes hotel costs, park tickets, "extra magic hours" in the park, a designated park entrance, and a complimentary photo and lanyard from the park. We selected Paradise Pier Hotel over the Disneyland Hotel and the Grand Californian, because the other two were simply out of our budget.

The hotel has a beach theme which is absolutely adorable. A few examples of the intricate theming include a statue of Goofy with a surf board in the lobby, vintage prints hung as wall art, pillows in the shape of beach balls upon each bed, and a huge water slide open to both children and adults by the pool. We had nothing but positive interactions with the staff, and the hotel security even helped to jump our car battery when it died after we had checked out of the hotel. Additionally, the convenience of being able to return to the hotel for a snack break amidst a long day at Disneyland makes staying on property worth the extra cost.

I would highly recommend this hotel to young couples looking for the comprehensive Disney experience!

All in all, a pretty good stay.  Dropped to 4 stars because many of the employees there do not live up to the Disney standard for courtesy or helpfulness.

My family and I went there for my granddaughters 4th birthday and my grandson's first birthday. My granddaughter and parents came to visit from Texas and my other daughter and family are from SoCal. We booked a 2 bedroom suite so we can all be together. 
On the day we were leaving Aug 29th, My husband and I had packed up to leave early in the morning and we had also taken one daughter and families suitcases with us. My other daughter and family hadn't finished packing so they decided to leave their things in the room because we had until 11am to check out. We all left the room around 7:30am and my daughter and husband returned around 10:30am to get their belongings so they can get checked out. During this time someone had been in the room and stole some of their belongings. Their suitcase had been opened and gone thru and the stuff in the bathroom was taken. We stayed at the Paradise Pier in one of their 2 bedroom suites. 
The thing that is so frustrating to me is as of today 10/22/15 nothing has been done to recover or reimburse them for their things that we have totaled to be around 800.00. Brand new clothes that was bought from Disneyland and Company D., Paul Mitchell straightener, bag of make-up that had name brands like Nars, Smashbox etc., Fitbit and a bag of bands. We have called several times a week and it is like pulling teeth to get a return phone call. My daughter was advised that there is a law called the Inn Keepers Statued where they are only liable for 250.00 and the proof of burden is on you to prove someone stole your belongings.
According to the person that my daughter was assigned to has also stated many times her stuff is not in the lost and found....
I would like answers to why 2 separate house keepers where in our room that morning, but the room was never cleaned. One housekeeper stated it wasn't her room to clean but later told my daughter she had been in there. 
Guest Claims is making my daughter feel as if she is lying. Not cool! We haven't asked for anything except for her belongings to be replaced....
Common courtesy and customer service is lacking in the Guest Claims area. I've called and they cover the whole resort which includes the parks. Happiest place on earth isn't so happy.

It started with my husband surprising me with a 3-day trip to my favorite place on earth :)

This was my first time stating at a Disneyland Resort hotel and it was everything I expected! Upon check-in, the great service started! We were about 3 hours early and weren't sure they would have a room available. Our cast member was able to find a room for us anyway and we were in our room within 5 minutes. It was park-view room of California Adventure (so fun to look out at, especially at night). The room had a beach theme and lots of bright colors. 

We received an extra magic hour each day (access at 7am) which rocked (we rode 5 rides within the first hour at Disneyland- a record in my book). Quick walks to each park from Paradise Pier through the Grand Californian Hotel.  Awesome pool and hot tub area. 

Would definitely stay here again!

This is a Disney hotel that was just ok in my opinion. I have stayed at the grand Californian and Disneyland hotel, but this one was not as lavish. It is a far walk to the parks because you need to cross the street and walk through either downtown Disney or the Californian hotel to get to the parks. I would say it was around 10 min walk to either parks. Now as far as convince, it was not very good for us because when fireworks were over we had to walk back carrying my son. So it was a far walk for us because we had a 5 year old to carry, otherwise not that bad. At the morning and night there was a long wait for elevators. After a long day it can suck to wait for elevators. The room itself was great. I have no complaints about the room. It was very clean and literally had everything we needed even a pull out bed. The pool area was smaller compared to the other 2 Disney hotels. It had 1 big pool, 1 kiddie pool and 1 water slide. I believe the other 2 hotels have a better pool area. I did not like that the bar at the pool closed early. We all wanted to get some drinks and it was closed around 6 I think. The pool area also did not have a food and beverage person walking around like the other hotels. So kind of disappointed in not having the same service as the other hotel. We did enjoy the pool and the water slides. Now for the price of the room it was good for pass holders. We have Disney passes and we're able to get the discounted rates. Would I stay again? Yes if the price was good, but I do like the 2 other hotels more. However this hotel was ok

we will never do a Disneyland vacation and stay  "off property" again! affordable to those of us who don't have money growing on trees. Loved the early access to the parks, easy walk to the park and multiple choices of places to eat on property, because quality and convenience are everything.

I loved this hotel!!!!!!!! I stayed here for 2 nights for my birthday. The Disney theme was everywhere and I am very obsessed with Disney so I was very happy about this. The woman that checked us in at the counter was so nice, she answered all of our questions and had us on our way in just a few minutes. 

Our room was great and had a view. The vending machine was out of order on our floor but we didn't mind finding another one. If you want to enjoy the character breakfast in the morning I suggest making the reservations way ahead of time - all of the good times get booked fast. 

They have a bar/coffee spot/cafe place in the lobby that was tasty. Wish they had one more option for food but there is so much near by that it was never an issue. 

The walk to Downtown Disney was nothing, maybe a few minutes. And when we checked into our room later in the day it was completely decorated for my birthday. A huge door banner, mickey footprints on the floor, candy, stuffed animals and balloons. It was amazing!!!!! Disney really does do a great job of going above and beyond. 

This hotel was so relaxed and close to the park. I will definitely be staying again.

I stayed here about a week ago with my aunt and two cousins. It was SO nice and I really enjoyed it! The staff were pretty helpful. The rooms were very presentable and looked just like the pictures I saw on the Disneyland website!

The only thing I would really complain about is the ELEVATORS. They are horrendously slow, and there are only 3 of them! With 12 or so floors in the building and people going in and out of them (people coming from the pool floor also backed it up a lot), it took FOREVER to get anywhere. I stayed on the 8th floor and I don't recall a single time where I took the elevator from my floor down to the ground level without stopping. The elevators are pretty small too so they would get full pretty easily, especially with people hauling their luggage with them. I took the stairs once because I had been waiting for an elevator for over five minutes and couldn't stand it anymore.

That being said, the hotel itself was great. We had an INCREDIBLE view of the back of California Adventure, and we could see World of Color from our room too! I was really impressed. It was my first time staying in one of the three Disneyland hotels, and hopefully it won't be the last!

While one expects a premium price for anything branded with Disney at Disneyland, it was worth it for our small, but comfortable room. The staff was great. The cafe/bar was open most of the time. Watching the fireworks from the pool roof was awesome. The hotel is a bit dated, but very well cared for. No complaints!

We would like to thank everyone involved that night (Saturday into Sunday morning on Mothers Day, May 10, 2015, between 12am to 12:30am) from the bottom of our hearts. We don't know where we would be if we had lost our little girl. It was because of the speedy and accurate response from the hotel staff (Rachelle, please make her employee of the year!) and security officer (Jim, please correct us if we wrote down his name wrong) involved that saved or daughter's life. Laura, RN and everyone else from that night, we are forever grateful to all who were involved during that shift. We honestly don't think anything could have been done better by your cast than what was already done, to help our daughter. Thanks to all of you our daughter was able to bounce back and enjoy the rest of our stay at Disneyland. We were definitely impressed with your staff going the extra mile (so many thank you's to Jessica on this one) and more by sending our daughter and son plushes to our room and by letting our daughter and the rest of our family get a meet and greet with her favorite fairy, Tinker Bell. Paradise Pier will forever be our resort of choice whenever we are visiting Disneyland, we always feel at home there.

We sent a more detailed Thank You letter about what happened to us to one of the Front of House Services managers for the Disneyland hotels, to the contact form for Paradise Pier and also forwarded it to Tom Tait, the mayor of Anaheim.

P.S.
**Special Shout Shout to the Valet and Bell Hop at the front, for always starting our Disneyland vacations on the right foot!** -- white Xterra from the Bay Area family

Elevators broken.  Very frustrating when everyone is EXCITED to go to Disneyland and we were waiting and waiting and waiting.  Especially difficult to get luggage downstairs :( 

I didn't feel like management was being proactive to advise the guests and resolve the issue quickly.

A sign would have been nice?
Informing the guests at check in?
A staff member at the lobby letting people know?

They said it may be a couple days!

This is a DISNEY HOTEL----they should have elevators fixed over night.

Stayed for a week in a club level room. The staff was incredibly nice, helpful and accommodating. Our first night in the room, one of the staff came to the door and delivered a welcome treat of Mickey rice Krispy treats. Because we were in the club level, we had access to the beachcombers lounge where they had free snacks all day until 8pm including free bottles of water to take into the park, free juice or soda, cookies, fruit, chips, trail mix- from 6am-10am we had free breakfast that included oatmeal, muffins, hard boiled eggs, danishes, cereal, fruit, coffee, juice and milk. From 5-7pm they offered hot items such as pigs in a blanket, chicken taquitos, etc. as well as fruits, cheeses, chips and salsa, cookies, bags of chips, and beer/wine. We saved a lot of money on food. The beachcombers lounge also has free movie rentals, we would often rent 1-2movies a day for those times my 3yr old needed a break from the park. The walk into the parks is not bad at all, and our view was spectacular. We saw the world of color show right outside our window. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the size of the pool- it was typical hotel size, so it got very crowded very fast, we were able to find seats when we went early in the morning, but for those just checking in and trying to hit the pool later, be prepared to look long and hard for open seating. The water slide was a blast.

I am so disappointed in this hotel, it does not meet the Disney standard at all, either that or the standards have seriously decreased!

Pros: The staff is incredibly friendly. The location to the parks and Downtown Disney is also very convenient. The 1' deep kid pool is great.

Cons: The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The rooms are tiny. The elevators are shabby, and on a personal note tried to kill me and my 4 year old on 2 separate occasions (see below). They do not have microwaves in the rooms, they claim it's a fire hazard. They do have a refrigerator which is convenient, but it's incredibly tiny. I have 2 small children, I like to have milk for them and their breakfast, plus a place to store snacks and leftovers. 

The water in the showers is either scalding hot or ice cold. And the hot water is waaay to hot! I had to supervise my 5 year old in the bathroom (who is more than capable of using the bathroom on his own) so that he didn't burn himself washing his hands. 

We were on the 10th floor, nice view of CA Adventures from the hallway (our room overlooked the pool/parking lot). The middle elevator door stayed open for about 10 seconds, it started to close on my 5 year old, luckily my mom was close enough to throw herself into the doorway. After that we had a "grown ups first" policy when entering and exiting the elevators. 

The restaurant is HORRIBLE. We ate there our first night. The menu is small and seriously lacking in variety. I ordered the burger, my mom a pasta, and 2 mac n cheese dinners for the kids. The adult food came out luke warm at best, and a few bites in was just cold. But the kids mac n cheese came out so scalding hot they couldn't eat it. When I tried it to taste test, I couldn't even it, it was so hot. My mom and I couldn't get through half our meal it was cold and tasted gross. The kids couldn't sit still long enough to finish their dinners once they had cooled off. We told all of this to our server, who did nothing, and at the end of it we were presented with an $80 bill for the full meal. 

We also went for the character breakfast on the morning we checked out. The food that we ate was pleasantly decent (we were not hopeful after our dinner experience) the kids loved meeting the characters (Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Daisy, Stitch) especially since the only one of those we met at the park was Mickey. $100 for a buffet for 3 (my 2 year old was free) which was pricey, but worth it to extend the Disney experience that extra day without having to wait in lines to meet characters.

All in all, I won't ever stay there again. I'd rather pay more for CA Adventures hotel, or pay less for a non Disney resort.

Honestly, I would probably rate Paradise Pier a 3.5, but thanks to a surprise room upgrade, I am "upgrading" my score.  Last weekend we met up with some friends for the weekend to celebrate Birthdays at Disneyland/DCA.  We wanted to stay somewhere special, while also not breaking the bank.  Since we were splitting the room, we splurged and decided to stay at Paradise Pier (since it was $330 a night).  I was excited to learn that as a Disneyland Hotel guest, you get to enter the parks (on designated days) an hour early... what could be better?!?!

Check-in was a breeze, probably because we arrived after 5PM, but were super surprised to be upgraded to a premium view room.  How awesome is that?  Totally unexpected and I think it was because they knew we were celebrating a Birthday.  The hotel itself is cute, but nothing that wow's me.  I love Mickey on the carpet leading to our room.  I sincerely thought the Disney decor in our room was cute, fresh, and fun.  The room was clean and we had a great view of California Adventure from our 8th Floor room.

As others have said previously, the elevator situation stinks.  It takes forever to get one and we ended up having to use the stairs a couple times.  I also agree that no elevator in the parking lot is kind of sucky.  Also, they charge $17 for parking, which is a lot considering how much you pay for the hotel.  On the other hand, you cannot beat the location, well I guess the Grand Californian beats it, but honestly it was so close.  That was a great benefit.  We didn't use the pool or watch the fireworks from there, but I wish we would have.

I do think I would return back to this hotel.  Especially if I could get a good rate.  There are many decent hotels sort of close to the parks, but this one is the best I've stayed at (besides Grand Californian).  If you can splurge, I say do it!

Well so far this place is pretty darn awesome.
We drove down early because we could check on early but not use our room until 3ish.  We did the concierge option so we could have done the magical morning on the  day we check in and the during the days of is stay.  That's pretty cool.  We also were able to use the lounge for breakfast and all day snacks.  They send you a text when your room is ready.  So we head off to Disneyland and at 10 we get a text that our room is ready.  So a few rides and a 4 year old meltdown later we head back to the hotel.  Find our room and it didn't have the sleeper sofa we were supposed to have.  My wife goes down to ask for it and the front desk says sorry.  Have a suite instead.  No kidding.  So they made my sons 4th birthday even more awesome.   
BTW the concierge lounge is really really cool.  Opens at 6:30am and closes at 8pm.  Serves breakfast, snacks, happy hour and light dinner fare.  So if you have a larger family, pay the little extra for concierge and you'll spend less on food etc...

Left my Rolex in the room and by the time I realized it, I was back home in Vegas absolutely devastated. I almost didn't call because I knew the odds. Sure enough, the housekeeper turned in my watch and guest services paid to have it overnighted to me. I have never been so surprised or grateful. 

As with all Disney properties, service was excellent. Rooms were clean. Location was great. A 5 minute walk to Grand Californian entrance to California Adventures.

This was our first trip to Disneyland and I am very happy we choose to stay at Paradise  Pier Hotel. 

We arrived to the Hotel before noon and we were able to get into our room right away which was nice after a 4 hour drive. Lady and the front desk was very friendly, and since it was our first time staying at the Hotel she provided us with maps and explained in details how to get to the parks. Being able to get into the parks during the Magic Hour as a Hotel guest is a huge perk!

We had a room facing the back of the hotel on the 12th floor. Room was very nice - little Mickey accents here and there (not too overwhelming which I liked). Room was spacious and had everything we needed - safe, fridge, pack and play, comfortable beds, very clean bathroom. We had an issue with water pressure in the shower on our first day and the issue was solved as soon as we brought it to the guest services' attention. 

WiFi is free. Parking is $17 per day if you self park. There is no continental breakfast and if you decide to order breakfast to your room it gets a little pricey (food is tasty and the portions are big though). 

Staff is super friendly (especially housekeeping staff!!! - always greeting guests in the hallways with a smile).

We will be back!

Nice hotel &amp; staff. We arrived at 9am with no rooms available but they held our bags and texted us with our room numbers when it was ready.  The Bell Hop guys were very patient with us, especially because there were 8 in our party and a bit of confusion with holding our bags.  And, I forgot to grab my Minnie Mouse ears before they took the cart to store...but they happily pulled the cart back out so I could wear my ears for the day!

By the time our rooms were ready, our group had split up and I had the ticket to pick up the bags, but my BF and I weren't ready to head back to the hotel.  I texted my brother the ticket number and they allowed the bags for delivery to our rooms - so cool of them!

We only stayed one night, and by the time my BF and I got back to the room, there was only time to shower and go to sleep!  It's a nice room though - we had 2 adjoining rooms - each had 2 full sized beds, and and convertible sofa bed.  The bathroom is a decent size - there is the always useful laundry line in the shower (I've seen these in most, if not all Disney hotels).  Plus, the H2O+ products that Disney uses in their hotels are always good quality!

We had a nice park view from our room, and were able to watch the 2nd World of Color show (there's a channel on the TV in the room that syncs the music) - even though we just came back from watching the first showing!

The main reason for staying at a Disney property is so you get the little extra perks - one hour early entry to the parks, coupons for a free lanyard (for everyone in your party), and a free ride picture and digital download from the ride of your choice (per room).  Getting to the parks is so easy - just walk across to the Grand Californian, through the resort and follow the signs - there is a private entrance to California Adventure (you end up by the Grizzly River Run ride), and a short walk through Downtown Disney brings you to the main entrance to Disneyland park and the main entrance to California Adventure.

I don't think I've every stayed off property while visiting Disneyland, and I don't think I'd ever want to!


.

I had high expectations for this hotel. It's been over a decade since I stayed and I was not disappointed. I pulled up not knowing where to park my car (I was looking for the self park) and the valet gentleman was very helpful in assisting. He actually valeted my car for free as it was my birthday and we were only staying for one night anyways. Brownie Points! He took our luggage while we checked in with a smile the whole time! Wonderful!

The gal at the front desk was sweet as pie and helped with answering all my questions. They give a button to the birthday person (That's me!) that says my name on it (Disney employees say Happy Birthday to those wearing the button - I LOVED IT even as a grown woman :P). Not only that, my two girlfriends got buttons saying something along the lines of we're celebrating! Then of course they get asked what they're celebrating. AND I got a signed photo of Mickey wishing me a happy birthday. GLORIOUS! 

Our room wasn't ready when we checked in, but they texted me when the room was ready. Yes. TEXTED ME, so that I wouldn't have to bother with a phone call while we enjoyed the park. The room was great - the view was SPECTACULAR. We could see all of California Adventure and it is BEAUTIFUL at night. The bell man who brought our luggage up gave us a quick tip that there is a liquor store down the street that delivers FOR FREE to the hotel. Amazing. 

We got the Concierge room, so we had access to a private area for breakfast and a wine and cheese reception after we checked in. I'm a little bit sad that they served a cold breakfast (bagels, cereal, muffin, etc...) but they gave bottles of water - which were a lifesaver at the park later - and they had a Nespresso machine that I am TOTALLY buying for my home because it's AMAZING. 

All in all, a wonderful experience. I couldn't have asked for more.

As avid Disney fans, we hadn't stayed in a Disney hotel for several years. Last summer, we looked into hotel rates during July and, originally wanted to stay at the Grand Californian, found the Paradise Pier Hotel to be so much more affordable that we couldn't pass it up! 

When we arrived, all staff was friendly and helpful! Our rooms were adorable, spotless, and very functional. The decor is bright and airy and the pool area was charming and proved to be a lot of fun!

We were originally worried about the travel time (by foot) between our hotel and the parks. We realized that it only required an elevator ride downstairs, a short walk down and across the street, and then through the lobby of the Grand Californian into California Adventure! It was immensely convenient and seemed closer than the Disneyland Hotel. 

We were immensely satisfied with our stay! The food at the restaurant downstairs was good, the proximity to the park was perfect, and the room itself couldn't have been more satisfactory! If we decide to stay at the park again, we will definitely be staying here!

You would think for $350 per night they would let you borrow a luggage cart.  Carpet on the floor is very old and dirty. Elevators take hours. It can literally take you an hour to get down from the 9th floor during prime hours. Food is pretty poor and expensive. Only good this about this hotel is proximity to Disneyland.

If I didn't really love Disneyland as much as I do, my experience at this hotel would turn me off from ever returning to any of their hotels and theme parks.

Note that we were two adults staying one night in celebration of my birthday, on a Tuesday night in early May. No children with us, just two twenty-something adults. Not having children with us, in my opinion, was a big part of the reason that we were treated so poorly. And considering the time of year, the hotel wasn't all that busy. We have been annual passholders in the past (premium passes), so we're very familiar with the best times to visit.

My fiance planned this trip, and even called to make the reservation, asking them to note that we were traveling there specifically in celebration of my birthday. We arrived earlier than normal check-in and figured that we would need to leave the bags in the car until a room freed up, no big deal. Sure enough this happened. There wasn't a line at check-in and it wasn't particularly busy, but the people at the reception desk were completely uninterested and made us stand there for a good ten minutes because they were doing things in the back. Lots of "I'll be with you in a minute" as they ran past us. Mind you, no happy birthday when we checked in. Not much of a smile either. My fiance mentioned that it was my birthday and they told us to go to the concierge desk, where the guy handed us a signed photo of mickey mouse. This would have been GREAT if I were six years old. As another reviewer wrote, the front desk attendants really just didn't seem to care about.... anything. Also no complimentary room upgrade (which we only realized was a possibility when we were waiting for the elevator later that night and a family stood next to us and loudly started talking about how cool it was that they got upgraded for free to a suite). We had reserved a King size bed, and were told at check-in that this would be accommodated. They tell us that they will call us when our room is ready, but this call never comes, so we decide to stay in the park until it closes.

Unbeknownst to me, my fiance had arranged for the hotel to have balloons and a cake delivered to the room as a special birthday surprise while we were in the park. At around 10:00pm we return from a day of fun to be told that our room still isn't ready (really?! it's 10:00pm!!). So my fiance goes to grab our bags from the car as I wait in the lobby. When he gets back he goes to the desk again and they finally have keys for us. We go to the room and... TWO QUEEN BEDS. And worse? No cake or balloons! That he paid for! So downstairs to the lobby we go again, where they tell us, I kid you not, that the hotel caters to "families", so it will be hard to get us a king bed. Again, it's 10:00pm at night. Couldn't they have mentioned this at 11:00am when we first arrived at the hotel?! Besides for the fact that I guess my fiance and I aren't considered a "family" because we don't have children? Only people with kids are families? It was an incredibly condescending and ignorant comment. At that point they gave us another signed photo of Mickey, I guess as a gesture of peace, which pretty much put me over the edge. After berating them for ruining my birthday, lying, and being rude, they magically find us a king room, albeit one with no view of anything. So I had to be a crazy b on my birthday. Great.

I think that the reason this bothers me so much is that we've had far superior service at hotels that aren't as catered to accommodating guests. Disney is supposed to be about the entire experience; it's about making memories (good ones, not angsty birthday ruining ones), and about making special occasions that much more special. This hotel basically took a dump on my birthday and told me to be happy about it. It was bizarre, and awful, and I'm just lucky to have such an amazing man in my life, because being with him is what made the whole experience bearable. Later that year we stayed at Encore at The Wynn for our thirteenth anniversary, and they sent us chocolates and other treats as well as a card. We went to Temecula for a hot air balloon ride five months earlier for my fiance's birthday and our hotel sent us a complimentary fruit and cheese plate, and a bottle of sparking wine with a hand written note from the concierge. For our anniversary the prior year, the hotel we stayed at in Santa Barbara sent us a bottle of sparkling wine and chocolate covered strawberries. Paradise Pier overcharged us for a crappy room and made us feel unimportant. It looks like some people have been fortunate enough to have a wonderful time here, and I'm so happy for them. Just know that you're really rolling the dice when it comes to how your stay will be at this hotel. A smile and some customer service would really do this place wonders.

I loved it!!! ;) the atmosphere , happy people , room was great ;) I would totally come back again , next time 2 days , be sure to get a theme park view , they were super nice , check in was a snap , but the elevator was alittle bit of a pain , the pool was fun , but not enough seat by the pool , an the television stations were lacking , overall it's paradise !!

Great location, super clean and amazing view of Disney California Adventure. I loved staying here!

The hotel's location was great but the staff failed to live up to the expectations that we've come to expect given we were paying the Disney premium.  The room was okay, the same size as their Califorian hotel, the location was further away from the park, as expected; however the service at the desk (both at checkin and checkout) was slow and did not show the same enthusiasm towards customer service as we've experienced at other Disney hotels or at the parks.  The pool looks much better on youtube and online than in reality.  Instead of opting for this hotel, you're better off staying at a bigger chain or stepping up to a higher end Disney hotel.

As a Disney enthusiast, I have been wanting to stay at a resort hotel for many years and finally got my chance in November! 

We decided on the Paradise Pier since it was the most affordable. Upon check in, I was told that our room was not ready and that we could wait for our room to be ready or be switched to an already clean room. Since we had paid for a premium, theme park view I didn't want to take my chances. I told them we would wait until our 10th floor room was available. 
After waiting around 20 minutes, I realized that I hadn't received the fast passes and free photo that were included in the package I booked through my annual pass. I went back up to the front desk and before I could talk to someone there, a supervisor found me and I told her my issue. She took my information and went into the back for a while. Long story short, once she checked and saw the room we had still wasn't ready, she went ahead and switched us to a 12th floor room! When we got in the room, I couldn't have been more impressed. The view was awesome. 

I am very happy with the customer service I received and we had an excellent time. Would definitely recommend the Paradise Pier to friends and family.

Ok to Meh. Basic hotel nothing special except some decor stuff. Stay away from the resturant. If you want to overpay for poor food PCH Grill is your place. Also, could you do something about the elevators?

Just a heads up. Disney Express could be a good option BUT don't set your vacation around them. Grayline has a monopoly for southern CA and they operate Disney Exp. Basically, the bus skipped our stop at LAX because, (quote I overheard on my phone from the dispatchers radio) "Ya I skipped that terminal because I didn't think anyone would be there." Really????  June 18 I'm sure must be the low season for tourism in CA. Of course that was the last pick up for 2 hours due to rush hour. See other Grayline horrors on their Yelp.

Do not let the naysayers dissuade you from staying this Disney resort hidden gem. Purchase the theme park view concierge service and request as high up as possible. We stayed in room 1500 and had the best view of California Adventure at night. You can watch World of Color from your room - from a view that few get to see (up high!)

Concierge level gets you soda, breakfast, snacks, and dinner happy hour for free. Play your cards right and it works out to be free meals for your entire say if you eat enough at breakfast and during the happy hour! (Also, free wine and beer? YES IT IS TRUE). They let you take as much of the food and drinks as you'd like back to your room. You can also check out disney movies to watch.

Tip: Valet park your car! it's worth the $15/day.


Note: Concierge level at the paradise pier is still less than the cost of one night at the Grand Californian's bargain room. We've done the math and determined that we'd rather upgrade to the highest value at the moderate-price resort than pay nearly three times as much for less at the Grand Californian. You can still walk thru the theme park entrance at the Grand Californian and get early magic hours. Save the money and spend it at the park!

Extremely disappointed in this hotel.  We arrived on Thursday and upgraded our hotel to concierge level. We figured the benefits were that the kids could have unlimited snacks and we wouldn't have to run back and forth to the store. On Friday our oldest son came up to meet us at Disney. We spoke with the front desk prior to his arrival since we wanted to make sure when the cab dropped him off there would be no issues and and to make sure that this was okay that we were going to have him in our room for the day.  We also asked if we needed to pay an additional fee. They assured us we would not. As we were sitting down enjoying our snacks the attendant (forgot her name but her name tag said she was from Hawaii) decided that 30 minutes into our snack time she would yell across the room "hey, you have six people in your room." We thought that she may have been talking about our other room (our family) but she was talking about our son. I told her that we spoke with front desk and told them that our son would be down for the day and they said it was fine. She began arguing with us in front of other families and said no that's not okay. She called the front desk and they told her it was fine and she continued to make a huge deal. We told her we would leave since we were so embarrassed.  We left to our room and once we got there we were locked out...of course. We called front desk and they said that we needed to see the concierge.  So I left back down to the concierge level and the same woman was there. She swore she didn't change anything. I asked her if she could please change my keys out. I had to argue with her for 5 minutes before I finally said I've had it, let me see a manager. Her whole attitude changed then. She miraculously became accommodating. Once the manager came he did apologize but the damage was done. I was embarrassed,  the kids were embarrassed,  and we were made to feel like we were low class citizens. We will never ever stay here again. Thanks Paradise Pier for the horrible first experience.

Last week our family stayed here at The Paradise Pier Hotel. Honestly, I'm quite surprised about all the bad reviews. We had a wonderful stay. I have never stayed at The Disneyland hotel or The Grand California but, our room was a large suit with a dinning table fridge and microwave. Something you usually have to pay extra for, but this was a regular room. 

On top of that we were on the 12th floor with a view of Disney California Adventure. The only downfall was hearing the delivery trucks early in the morning. But I guess that's the price you pay for the view. And it is January so it is not crowded at all. Sometimes people don't realize how they truly affect your lives. Our family has just suffered a horrible loss. The staff we came across for the most part were wonderful. But our morning coffee girls went above and beyond to make sure my Jakub had a wonderful visit. We will be back next year.

Stayed here with my buddy's absolutely horrible!!!!! The rug is so yuck dirty the room themes are just ugly dusty everywhere id rather stay in motel 6 then this again ... Disneyland hotel has to be the best hotel out of Disney because paradise was not paradise at all I was so disappointed with the room and when I seen the dust behind the bed also please clean up your rooms if your gonna charge so hefty and get better housekeepers (English please )

Pros: 
- when you get a good CSR, she/he will shower you with balloons, souvenir key cards, buttons, autographed 8x11 photos of Mickey
- drinking "poolside punch" cocktails while the kids do laps on the slide
-fairly clean rooms, nice pillows, good heater/ac, nice view
-better arcade than the Grand Cali
-military discount 

Cons
-lugging your bags from the parking garage bc of the lack of an elevator and they've closed off all entrance points to the front area roundabout (thanks to some marathon of sorts)
-when I called the CS line to see if they could offer alternate routes to enter the hotel, she tried and after the third suggestion and multiple hold times of telling me the same thing I told her, she said, "look, I'm trying to help you but I don't know what else to tell you." How about, I'm sorry ma'am. We should've warned you to come another time when there WASN'T a marathon
- pooping/barfing/accidents in the pool must be common as other reviewers have mentioned. We happened to land on THAT day. 
-glass cups in the room (I get it; but I also have children who have naturally slippery fingers and well, we broke one when it flew into the sink!)
-elevators do take awhile....

We booked a trip through Disney since my sister in law is a season pass holder. My wife's father (her sister is the season pass holder) had a stroke and went into the hospital. We tried to cancel our trip 3 days in advance and they said they had a five day cancellation policy. The sad thing is if we booked thi through travelocity we would only need 24 hours. Why is the same hotel offering different policies depending on which web site you used? (I understand to a point, but we are having a family crisis!) Then, we asked if we could just reschedule it, but then they said they would have to charge us $200 more since the season pass rates aren't published yet if available at all. We spent 45 minutes on the phone (while dealing with our father in the icu) since they couldn't seem to figure out how to change the reservation and needed her supervisor to help. We now have to call back every month to see if any season pass discounts come up. For such an expensive hotel I would have expected much better service! Instead we got the run around and are getting charged even more in the end. 
I'm very angry at how bad the customer service was and how unconcerned they were at our family emergency and not at all willing to accommodate. Avoid unless you're sure nothing unforeseen can possibly come up. 
I hate to leave such a bad review, but I really found them to be disappointing and unfeeling towards us.

Just got back from my vacation at Disneyland - My family and I enjoy Disneyland so much, I have to step back and think about the hotel.

I have to give it only 3 stars - but I probably will stay there again.

What I liked:  

It was reasonably close to the park - when I go to Disney, I expect to walk - and I think it is closer than the Disneyland Hotel.  The price was right, as it was the cheapest of the 3 "resort" properties.  We took full advantage of the Magic Morning all 5 days we were there and it is a great way to beat the crowds.  Only resort customers get this every day.  I loved the fact that they were able to COMFORTABLY sleep me, my wife and 3 kids.  The fifth bed was a convertible sofa and became a full single bed - not the dirty cot some hotels pull out.  It was nice and out of the way, but still a decent bed.  The pool is standard style, but they do plan activities for the kids, although we were at Disneyland mostly, so we didn't take advantage of it.  

What I didn't like:

Hello Wifi?  No such thing at this hotel.  The bar on the main floor had Wifi but we never had it  in my room.  It's 2015 and a "premier resort" hotel cannot give you in room Wifi?  Seriously?

We purchased Photopass Plus at the start of my trip (highly recommended) and they told us our pictures were uploaded to the website, but we had no way of viewing them after putting the kids to bed.

Housekeeping was mediocre.  We had clean sheets, but we found previous visitors garbage TWICE in the room.  When we arrived, there was somebody else's hair in the bathroom.  I think for the price we paid for the room, the housekeeping should be top notch.


So overall, I would probably stay there again, but when you attach the Disney name to your product I would expect better.

Another great stay and amazing service from Michael in the lounge!! We had a long day in the park and it was nice to unwind and have great service, cocktails and conversation!! We also finally got our servers name and it was so nice to see him again!! We also experienced better wifi service with is stay!  Can't wait to come back!

3 star hotel with a 4 or maybe 5 star service depending on what castmember checking you in , close to the theme park and Downtown Disney not very busy off season , early checkin at the hotel is available if rooms are ready, if not pre registration is also available and luggage storage, Don't forget to tip your valet and bellman for assistants they don't share tips, parking is good until midnight the day of checkout, if you have your copy of the bill folio no need to wait in line to check out , they make it to EZ to express check out and you get to keep the room keys with our names on them .

I used the restroom here. It was being cleaned as I walked in so needless to say the bathroom was clean. The staff was friendly and helpful and if you're looking for a place to stay it's definitely close to Disneyland with easy access.

This hotel is the least expensive at the Disneyland Resort. The decor is beach themed with cute beach ball pillows (that you can purchase) on the nicely made beds. The art work keeps up the theme with surfboards and disney characters. The had a mickey mouse life guard lamp that I now want. Other than that, the room is standard and could use a bit of a refresh. The Hotel itself is nicely decorated and updated. It has a room where the littles can watch disney shows for free, as well as an arcade. I didn't visit the lounge, but the character dining experience was top notch. The food was great and they really captured the beach party experience. The pool is where this hotel stands out! In addition to the standard pool and hot tub, they have a shallow kiddie pool and an amazing water slide. My kids spent hours on it. The life guards are super friendly and keep a careful watch on everything. The reception captures the Disney spirit and offered my littles some autographed pictures, which was amazing. Bell hop was polite and efficient. Concierge was helpful and even tried to hunt down some safety pins for me. Parking per night was $17, but we chose Valet which was $25 per night. Well worth it. We ordered room service a couple of times, the food was delicious and presented nicely. My only complaint is that it would be nice to have transportation available to bring us to the park entrance, as the walk with little ones can get a bit much especially after walking all day at the park. We will for sure stay here again!

Stayed at this hotel for Disneyland Half Marathon Weekend. Before this stayed Grand Californian in DVC. Not going to compare the rooms because that would be unfair. 

Checking in was simple, we stayed Club Level and had access to the lounge as soon as we checked into the hotel. Got a text message when our room was ready witch was great.

The room was a theme park view and had two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. It was perfect for the amount of time we spent in the room. The fact that you are walking distance to everything in the Disneyland resort. 

Would stay in this hotel again.

Just being in a Disney resort hotel is more than excitement enough for the family. I could not overlook the cleanliness of this hotel and the great service from valet to front desk staff.

It's a little bit more of a walking distance to Downtown Disney and the parks from this hotel versus the other resort hotels but no complaints.

There's an outdoor and a designated large vehicle parking area available in addition to a large covered parking structure. 

The outdoor pool was under construction at the time so we didn't get to check it out.

Nevertheless, it's very convenient...

Staying here was a dream come true! It made my Disney experience all the more magical. Overlooking California Adventure at night was absolutely breathtaking! The pool/spa area was nice, the room service breakfast was delicious, the staff very kind and helpful, and the bedroom was super cute, comfy, and very clean! I'd stay again in a heartbeat!

I am terribly impressed by Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel.  As Mickey's budget option (at almost $400/night, it's not really "budget"), I was expecting to be disappointed.  But, Mickey did not let me down.  The hotel is a fun take on the east and west coast boardwalks of yore.  The comfortable and spacious rooms are very comfortable.  Cushy beds with lovely linens,  Clean bathrooms with fluffy white towels.  Fun beach ball pillows and cute beach themed Disney art work and lamps.  A desk, flatscreen television, sofa, refrigerator, iron/ironing board, coffee maker, and free wi fi mean that you have all of the comforts of home.  The hotel is incredibly clean.  The staff is incredibly kind and accommodating.  The parking is close and reasonably priced ($17/day for self parking).  We even had a birthday upgrade to a room on the 15th floor with a view of the park, which allowed us to watch the World of Color Fountain Show from our room.  I definitely recommend this hotel, and I would prefer it to the Disneyland Hotel because of the better views.

This place is just okay. It is the cheaper of the Disneyland hotels, and there is nothing special about this place. 

I came here for a night with a friend after going to Disneyland for a work event. We got a discount and it ended up costing about $209 (tax and all). I would not pay the full price for this place. It was average at best. Granted the location is nice, walking distance to downtown Disney, Disneyland and CA Adventure.

There is self parking or valet, it is about $15 a night for self. 

The hotel has a couple restaurants, one Disney shop, a pool, a small media room for about 15 kids, then a game room as well. 

The rooms were decorated in a cute way, but the accommodations were nothing special. The beds were a bit too hard for my taste, the lighting was pretty dim. And when I took a shower and my friend took one before me, we both had the same issues with the water. The water pressure was the absolute worse and the temperature was awful! The water was so hot, practically burning! I had tried every which was to turn the water and never got any better.

And when were in the room we opened the curtain and there was a staff member right below us cleaning, that was a bit shocking. 

The staff was overall very friendly and we didn't have any issues. However, we did want to extend our check out so we didn't have to rush and they wouldn't let us. I don't believe I had ever encountered someone actually saying no.

I wouldn't stay here again. I would probably try CA Adventure next time and spend the extra money.

Stayed here while at a conference in the hotel - we had a room rate that was $100 off list. So definitely a bargain. They also extended the rate for a couple of days before the conference and a couple of days after the conference. Definitely a bonus to those conference attendees that wanted to spend some time at Disney. 

The room was fine - the beds were comfortable and my room had plenty of space - enough for a standard desk and a couch. The bathroom was also spacious and the hotel provided better than average toiletries. Internet (wired and wireless) was free.

The conference facilities and catering were adequate - they had us all in the large ballroom on the first floor for sessions and vendor area - I know we would definitely prefer to have separate spaces but at least the hallway lent itself to conversation.

The close proximity to Downtown Disney was also a plus - very easy to go back and forth between the hotel, DD and of course, Disneyland.

If you're not staying here on business - the question you have to ask yourself is whether the perks of being at a Disney hotel outweigh the extra money you are paying. I'd say for most people it would be worth it, especially for first timers.

Absolute must! I cannot say enough great things about this place. Our family of 5 stayed here in March 2015 and absolutely loved it! The room was the lowest price but was pricey for us and we got  2 queen beds plus a sleeper sofa. Character breakfast is a must at PCH grill! Kids had fun on the slide at the hotel pool. Shortcut through The Grand Californian to get to DCA and Downtown disney alone is worth staying here! Plus extra time at the parks! Put this on your list if you can afford it! Tip: there is 15 minute parking out front that allows you to grab your luggage, check in, take to your room then park. No elevators in garage

I don't get on here often and I hate to leave a bad review, but frankly, I feel it necessary.

  This place is SO disappointing.  I will NEVER EVER stay here again or recommend it.  In fact, I will talk people out of going if I can.  

  I went from 10/2/13-10/4/13.  Thankfully the parking attendant warned me that the parking garage had no elevators and that it was 'easiest' to get your luggage out at the ground floor and then drive up to park. Umm... I had my 1 year old and 4 year old in the back seat and all I could say was 'Whaaattt???'.  What about people in wheel chairs? What about people who arrive without a second adult to help lunk a bunch of luggage down their dark &amp; dirty stairwells?  Why can't they just offer a complimentary valet service?  How is this part of the 'Disney brand'?  Luckily I found ground level parking and juggled my 2 girls and our 2 suitcases through the lobby to check in (my husband was meeting us later).  

  When the restaurant charges $2 for a banana... which you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get because they make one poor guy run around to serve &amp; bus tables alone... yeah, profit is clearly the motive here, not guest experience.  

  The staff themselves were sweet as can be.  I think they have a lot to compensate for and I am grateful for their kindness but feel sorry for how understaffed and overworked they are.  I was impressed with how kind each person was, from check-in to housekeeping, but this place is a glorified dump. The rooms are no nicer than the Best Western Anaheim Inn that I've stayed out before with a closer walk at half the price!  And a lobby full of FREE apples for guests too :)  Unbelievable! 

  I fooled myself into paying double to give my girls the Disney feel and it is not here at Paradise Pier.  It should be called the Fools Paradise.  Don't be tricked like me!!!

  It's a long walk through Downtown Disney to get to the park entrances.  Plenty of neighboring hotels for much less just as close.  (I feel like this review isn't doing justice to how crappy our experience was here, but hopefully the 1 star will help)

The workers STOLE my baby's play pen after we checked in, we got settled in our room but forgot the playpen right outside the our room, we didn't realized someone took it until that night, we tried contacting lost and found to no avail for 3 days and front desk was no help whatsoever, they didn't contact us until the LAST hour of our stay to let us know they didn't have it at lost and found. Very disappointed. Not staying there ever again. Getto.

Not bad.  Not great.  It's clean.  The views are good.  The pool is pretty awesome.  The food options are limited and it's quite a hike to the parks.  As with any Disney venture, the service is spectacular.  I would stay there again, but would chose another property if given the chance.

Awesome service cross the board,  when you make a reservation they tell you the check in is at 3pm, we arrived at 1pm and it was no problem getting our room immediately,  clean rooms,  hallways smells good. Slow elevators,  something wrong for sure.

Far exceeds expectations; strongly recommend!

So, let's get one thing out of the way: If you've already committed to stay inside the Disneyland Resort, at one of the 3 on-site hotels, then you know you're going to be paying more than the weekend rate over at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel. Ridiculously more. You have to go into it with the full expectation that the Disney organization is going to extract money from you, with authority.

OK, embrace that idea yet? With that aside, I thought this was a great hotel pick.

We usually stay at the Grand Californian but decided to try out Paradise Pier. 1-bedroom suite on 13th floor (they have 13th floors at hotels?), facing the California Adventure Park. It cost less than a similar room at the Grand Cal, but I really do think it's just because the hotel building is a bit farther away. And when they say farther away, they mean a whopping 75 yards. 

(As an aside -- The GC is a huge sprawl of a hotel, with limited gateways into the park. So, depending on where the GC room is located, you might actually have a *shorter* walk from your Paradise Pier room into the park.)

(+)
The room furnishings are of the comparable quality as at the GC.
Mid-size refrigerator &amp; microwave available in the room.
Fantastic view of the World of Color show, right from the room.
90% view of the Disneyland fireworks, from the balcony at end of floor hallway.
Friendly staff.
Same "Magic Morning" early park access privileges as when you stay at the GC.
Costs significantly less than the Grand Californian.

(-)
The public space is ho-hum. Straight out of a mid-tier hotel in Fresno. In 1982.
The rest of Anaheim is visible from the room. The low floors of the GC really lends well to Disney's ability to make you forget you're really in Southern California.
WiFi/ethernet bandwidth is abysmal.
The walk to Downtown Disney is a brief, but bleak hike through service pathways, with greasy air blowing out of building exhausts.
The pool is not as good as the setup at Disneyland Hotel or Grand Cal.

Pro-tips:
(1) Do spring for the park view room. You might as well stay off-site otherwise and save $$.
(2) To access the park, go out the front door, cross the street, and go through the Grand Cal hotel.
(3) Going back to John Wayne Airport? The doorman may be able to call you a towncar, for the same $39 that a taxi meter would cost.
(4) The well-reviewed White Water Snacks at Grand Cal carries half-gallon containers of milk and OJ, at semi-reasonable prices, along with beer. Buy there instead of at the Paradise Pier lobby shop.
(5) If you want to rent a car, there's an Alamo office right nearby. The last I checked, one-way rentals into John Wayne Airport were available without surcharges.

We've recently stayed at Paradise Pier hotel. 

Before this trip to Disneyland we stayed at the Disney hotel and hands down Disney Hotel is better. 

It was kind of like the Ugly Stepsister of the other Disneyland Resort hotel.

The bed was comfortable and you can pay for a great view of California adventure-this also means there is a little bit of street noise at night

It was not clean, house keeping doesn't tidy (at least not like our last stay at the Disney Hotel but yes they make the bed)

You will park in a garage (which does not have elevators that we could find) so lug your luggage up and down the stairs with you.

Overall it lacked all the charm and detail of Disney. It was like staying at a good neighbor hotel for the price of a resort room. Put your pennies elsewhere. 

The staff was amiable but I wouldn't describe them as friendly and warm fuzzy

I would not recommend this hotel or be staying there again.

However, if you are looking to stay at the resort and fit 6 people in a room and splitting a cost its probably worth it (there are two queens and a sofa bed smushed into the room)

So here is my rundown, and go easy on me it's my first time! DOING A REVIEW YOU PERVERTS! 

So we stayed 10/24-10/28 for a little vacation this year, and decided to stay here at Paradise Pier. 

Check in was really simple. Everyone was really friendly. We stayed on the 5th floor, which was nice! The carpet in the hall looked like a kid had just ran through it smashing cookies, but we had gotten in a little later, so I'll cut them some slack. 

The room was nice! Not top notch or over the top, but not crap either. We could see directly out at CA Adventure, which was a nice touch. Everything in the room worked and was clean. The bed however, was a little stiff. I'm pretty sure I could use it as a diving board. But everything else was nice and clean. 

My only major complain was in the bathroom. The whole floor is a flat even surface, including the shower. So there is a chance to get the whole floor wet if you decide to get crazy with the shower head. We placed one of our towels right near the shower to prevent that from happening, but Just a small 2 inch ridge would've been nice. That is my major complaint. 

The floor wasn't loud at all. I think we got lucky because I went on another floor and there were screaming kids everywhere. It was like being in Hell. 

Loved being so close to all the parks and being able to use the Grand Californian Entrance to get into CA Disney. 

There's no Continental Breakfast included unless you pay for a full service in the hotel. That kind of sucks. But overall I was pleased with the hotel stay and visit. You can definitely tell a lot of families stay there. So if you hate kids, this will be hell for you unless you get a floor like we did where there wasn't any kids. I definitely would recommend the stay overall though!

NOT the "Disney Way".  No one has been taught the "Disney Way" at this hotel. We had to beg for service - from Valet, to Bell, to check in, even the Concierge was horrible.  The food at the PCH grill was below standard for a soup kitchen.  Over $60 for two buffet dinners, where the food was cold, had no taste, and we had to beg the carver for a second rib!  Our stay was a Sunday thru Wed.  Concierge level - same breakfast items that can get at any hotel for no extra, no variety at any time during day, extra $200/night for a few drinks is not worth it.  Used to have bottled water, no more, ridiculous.  Concierge staff was way too snobbish for me, don't speak unless spoken to.  No smiles.  Wait staff a delight.  There were dirty rags around the lobby elevator floor that stunk and weren't changed the entire time we were there.  They had even begun to turn brown!  No more resort properties for me.  Fairfield staff and rooms are great - no breakfast, but 1/4 of the price since tax is less.  Maid service didn't even empty ice bucket.  We had concierge level, but not one night turn down.  When we left, didn't get as much as a 'thanks' or a don't let the door hitcha!  We travel do Disneyland every other month, last stay at DLand hotel was not the Disney I know, the Grand was great the months prior, but this one soured us for good.  We don't need to spend the extra money since the magic is no longer there.

Excellent Customer Service! Stay on the higher floors if you have older kids.  The rooms are super quiet.

For first timers, we had a wonderful stay at the Disneyland Paradise Pier Resort. When we arrived, we were given a map to all the 'Must sees' in both Disneyland and California Adventure.  Our Host Marie, informed us that we would be able to view (California Adventure) "The World of Color" from our room and listen to the music from our TV.  I received the best customer service and would return back again and again just for that.

Ballons and signed Autographs of Woody and Buzzlight year, chocolate by our Pillow and many other Magical moments followed every single day we were at the Paradise Pier Resort. (Marie you are a Goddess)

The pool at the resort was closed, however across the street we walked and enjoyed the pool, slide and hot tub at the Disneyland hotel.  Towels are also available at the pool.

Access to both parks is across the street through GC Resort and downtown Disney. It is about a 5 minute walk.  We were all happy to get some exercise before the day begin.

The rooms are decorated with beach ball pillows and surf board lamps.  Coffee maker, mini frig and safe were also included in our room on the 9th floor.

Free wifi from the 9th floor was not 100%.  For 100% wifi strength you need to hang out in the lobby area.

Our room was sound proof and could not hear any noise from neighbors or outside.

Being allergic to everything, I found that I had no problems with beddings at this hotel.  I had the best sleep while staying at the resort.

The fitness room was adequate, included towels, tread mills, water cooler, free weights and a TV.  There was yoga mats, but only a very small area to do stretches.  

Our experience at the resort is one, that we will never forget and we want to thank our Favorite Cast Member 'Marie' for being an amazing host.  We hope to see you again very very soon :-)

Giving this place 4 stars strictly for the view! Request for a high floor level, you won't be disappointed. Can you say work of color every night. The bigger plus is the gym is open 24 hours. And which hotel do you know has a water slide in their pool. Wouldn't mind staying here again. Only complaint is that the elevators are a hit slow, but that's preference.

Amazing staff, pool and slide. The staff even provided great fun games for the kids at 5pm. What a great time!

Everybody just loves this place.  Great memories are made here.  It is costly, but worth it.

My wife and I stayed here for valentine's day. We had a park view room, which was well worth the extra bucks. We were able to see World of Color from our room with our favorite bottle of wine, and the soundtrack played through the tv. We will definitely come back. The room was clean and very well kept.

I stayed in a suite facing the back of California adventure and had somewhat of a view of the firework show. I would recommend staying at the Disneyland resort as it is less crowded than Paradise Pier and the accommodations are fantastic. Not to say I didn't enjoy my time here, staying this  close to the park makes life so much easier and the day starts with fun right off the bat! I would do it again in a heartbeat!

I unfortunately do not care for this hotel... at all. 

My fiance &amp; I have stayed here during christmas time for the past couple years because it's the only hotel usually available last minute, however, for the price we pay &amp; for it being a "Disney Hotel" it's really quite awful. The decorations are horrible, everything in the room, in the lobby and even as soon as you pull up is super outdated. 

There are no beverages in the mini fridge nor does the mini fridge even get cold. The bathroom is very tiny, the tub is teeny-tiny and you cannot even pay to rent a movie on the television! It's basic cable. 

Also, as for room service, it closes extremely early for both breakfast and dinner. We called for breakfast at 10:45am on Christmas day &amp; they had already closed. One of the wonderful things about a vacation is not being on a schedule and utilizing all of the amenities a typical hotel has to offer.  This cannot be done at Paradise Pier. They are not very accommodating or flexible. 

All-in-all, this is a 2 star hotel. I feel like I would have had the same experience right down the street at the Motel 6 for less than half the price. Next time we will definitely plan a little further in advance and book at the Grand California. MUUUUUCHHHHHHHHHHH NICER HOTEL.

