So this was our first adventure bringing our 3.5 yr old son and 22 mo old daughter to Disney and we wanted the experience to be a positive one and it was.  

From the valet parking to the check-in / check-out process the experience was lovely.  The room accommodations were nicely laid out.  We had a 2-bedroom suite which worked out really well.  My husband I were in a king size room which was attached to den area that had a room with a 2-queen beds attached for friends.  There was a murphy bed which our son slept in that worked out great in the den area where our daughter was able to sleep in a pack-in-play.

There was a huge entry area which worked well for our daughter's pack-in-play - it was almost like another room.  

The bedding was lovely and there was plenty of extra pillows and sheets between the two rooms.  Lots of towels, great shower and nice vanity area.  We turned the desk area into a changing table which worked out well for us.

The little fridge was nice to have as we had bottles and milk to keep cool ... only thing is there were weird areas which would freeze the food depending on where you placed items. 

The TV channels were entertaining - it was like the Disney network on 20 stations ... All Disney shows all the time.  

The only area where I feel the hotel feel short was on the food.  The room service was lovely and they were very nice and accommodating in delivering the food ... but the food was in a word - awful. My husband ordered a cobb salad, our friends ordered pasta, our kids spaghetti, and ordered a club sandwich. There were a ton of fries.  The food was bland and again - no flavor.  Our kids love spaghetti and they didn't eat any of it ... that's saying something there.  

Not sure how you can mess up a cobb salad - but the lettuce tasted like it had been in the ice box for a long time or hadn't been washed.  The eggs were rubbery, the bacon bits hard and chewy, the chicken stale and dry, etc.  Our friends pasta was very chewy too and had no flavor.  Which leads us to believe that they don't cook with any seasons any more we deducted as all the food in the park tasted the same - very bland.

The only thing that actually tasted ok was the club sandwich and the coconut cake.   

The valet for picking up our bags when we were ready to go was nice - and very prompt and were able to hold our bags while we were at the park the rest of the day.  We were also able to leave our car in valet parking too which is $30 a day and was worth every penny for us - so we didn't have to run out to the end of civilization to get our car.

We would definitely come back to visit again - and hopefully visit the pool, as it is heated and open when we were there in early March - we never got to set foot in it.

We were married at the Disneyland Hotel so to celebrate our anniversary figured we'd make a weekend out of it again - without the kids.

The cost is stupid and there is no getting around it. Parking is $20 for self parking and $30 to valet so don't expect any breaks there.

Nothing special about the rooms and depending on your neighbors it can be quiet or crying brats. Employees are beyond friendly and helpful, especially if you engage in a simple hello, which many seemed surprised to receive.

So why stay on property? The convenience is addictive. We usually stay a half mile down Harbor with a 20 minute walk to Disneyland. To stroll out of the lobby and be at the security checkpoints in two minutes is great. Even greater when you spend the afternoon drinking at Trader Sams and can stumble to your room in minutes!

Magic Mornings? Yeah it's nice to have lines of 5-10 minutes for an hour before they let everyone else in. Probably the best benefit of staying at a Disney hotel.

I've stayed in greater hotels, at much cheaper rates, but I'll probably find my way back here again!

Pool hours are 9a-9p, and more importantly, the waterslides close at 6p. Free float vests for children of all sizes. Even after checking out, obtain a Pool Key from Guest Services that's good for the day.

If you rent a stroller from Disneyland, you can bring it all the way to the security checkpoint by the hotel. This way, your child can rest after a long day.

Character Dining at Goofy's Kitchen is strongly recommended as you'll meet Goofy, Chip, Dale, Minnie, and Pluto. Make reservations way ahead of your hotel stay.

Oh, and enjoy the hot tub during cooler weather!

Disneyland Hotel is an aging but fairly well-kept hotel on the outskirts of Disneyland. As long as you don't mind a bit of walking, the location really can't be beat if you're in Anaheim to visit Disneyland.

Our room was obviously Disney themed (our bed had a little light show that played "When You Wish Upon A Star" lullaby style) but otherwise not remarkable. Standard 300 square-foot bed, desk, armchair, bathroom layout, with fast free wifi and the usual amenities. There were obvious signs of aging in the room -- cracked tiles, peeling paint in places, beige wallpaper -- but nothing to really get too up-in-arms about. 

When we arrived, it looked like there was no remote for the TV and no apparent way to turn it on or turn channels otherwise. When we called down to the front desk for a new one, they told us, literally, "sometimes the housekeepers steal the remotes." I laughed at that, but the replacement remote they brought (or maybe the TV) never really worked right -- we could only get a couple of Disney-related channels.

The walk to Disneyland's entrance from the hotel takes about 15 minutes (or, you can walk 6-7 minutes to the monorail and then take a 10 minute ride into the park -- it's faster to walk). On the way, you pass through Downtown Disney (open to the public without needing a park ticket) and all its accompanying shops and restaurants. There are a couple of restaurants on the "hotel grounds" (including a "tiki bar" and a cafeteria-style restaurant), but we found them to be way too small, overcrowded, and not as good as the restaurants in Downtown Disney and the parks.

The staff was generally nice but seemed to prefer to remain out of the way and largely unseen. The registration desk is off to the side in the lobby and concierges/bellhops/housekeepers pretty much stay hidden until you need them. 

Overall, this was a good experience and this is maybe the best place to stay for purposes of visiting Disneyland, but I wouldn't recommend using Disneyland Hotel if you have other business in Anaheim.

Just came home from my second stay at the Disneyland Hotel and was pleased. Parking and check in were a breeze and staff was friendly and efficient even when we showed up at 11pm. Surprisingly there was still plenty of open parking at that late hour which is often a problem for some hotels. 

The rooms are lovely. Clean, with hidden Mickeys everywhere. My favorite part is the light up headboard with the fireworks and castle. We chose the standard view which was of the parking lot. I've had the premium view in the past but it's not really worth it to me as I'm here to visit the park, not sit in the room. 

The benefits of the hotel include easy access to downtown disney and the parks as well as the extra magic hour. The extra hour is great. We were able to hit 4 popular rides before the park even opened to the public!

The one downside to this hotel is the price. I love it here, but don't think it's worth the money. Or if they insist on charging so much, a few extra amenities such as free breakfast or parking would help. Even throw in a couple bottles of water in the room...this is the only hotel I've stayed at in a long time that didn't offer water.

We've been here (The Disneyland Hotel) before and really loved  rooms, service, proximity to the parks, views, the pool and water slides. The list goes on. This time we are in the Adventure Tower. On our honeymoon we had a suite at the Paradise Pier Hotel, also great. Then we tried a regular room at the PPH to save a little money and it was nice but didn't compare to the suite at all. Now we're again sitting in our room and know that the value in this hotel is in the comfort level, quality of the furnishings and interior space which is quite a bit more here than PPH. And you don't lose any of the room space with a bathroom that has handicap accessibility.
 Everything in the rooms has at least a touch of Disney. It has a feel of New Orleans from the blue and gold carpet with the hidden Mickeys to the huge head board inlaid with the Magic Kingdom and subtly lit with fireworks and twinkling stars overhead. It plays you a soft lulaby as well. It stops playing in about a minute.
This room has a view facing Downtown Disney and Disneyland so the fireworks will be visible from the comfort of the couch I'm sitting on while writing this review. There are 2 queen size beds. We always sleep like rocks here making the days in the parks much more fun. 
So, combine all this with the normal Disney stuff like amazing, happy cast members, perfectly groomed grounds, clean EVERYTHING (they don't  just empty the trash, they clean the recepticles along with anything you can see or touch) and fun around every corner, I'm still talking about the hotel, we will be staying at the DH on all of our return visits.
We have a special needs adult son who is at our sides 24/7 and he is welcomed at all of the Disney hotels whole heartedly every visit. The comfort and convenience of staying onsite is more than worth the cost difference of off-site hotels to us. 
Before you come for your Disney Vacation, budget a little extra for the room, enjoy the luxury of Disney at it's finest and save yourself the stress of the main gate. 
Your welcome

Bed 4/5Mattress firm/soft-in the firm side. 
Room 5/5 room is clean.  Good number of outlets and lights.  Room has a flat screen TV. There is a desk area. Shower warmed up quick  and has  great pressure. Central air conditioner. 
Price $$$
Proximity 5/5. Super close to the parks. Hotel has several restaurants. If you stay at a Disney resort take advantage of the magic hours offered daily at each park. The selected park will open earlier or later for Disney resort guests only. 
***Don't forget to turn on the headboard! 
***Great drinks and atmosphere at Trader Sam's!!!

We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel on the concierge level floor 9 on March 21 and 22. Everyone was so helpful and kind and went out of their way to make sure we had a wonderful time. After coming home from the electric parade I realized I had lost my phone. I figured I had lost it and it would never be returned. The next morning my wife received a phone call on her phone from Disneyland lost and found. They had found my phone! They had to plug it in for power and checked my favorites and called my wife and now I have my phone back.  Thank you to the Disneyland Hotel and Disneyland Park for a wonderful time.

Noelle's Yelp Notebook 2016

The Disneyland Hotel is remodeled so all their rooms are updated and current. Last year we stayed at all 3 Disney Hotels:

The Disneyland Hotel
Paradise Pier Hotel
Disney's Grand Californian Hotel

The only hotel out of the three that aren't updated, specifically meaning the hotel rooms is Disney's Grand Californian Hotel which is also the most expensive out of the three.

There are three towers that make up the Disneyland Hotel:

Fantasy Tower - this is where front desk check in is located along with the gift shops, Steakhouse 55 and Goofy's Kitchen.

Adventure Tower- supposedly the best views of the park.

Frontier Tower- this is the tower that is furthest away from entering the park meaning it's a super long walk.

Last year we stayed one night at the Fantasy Tower, the next four nights we stayed at the Grand Californian. The Fantasy Tower was far and after a long day at both parks it was a pain to walk back to that tower.

We are Annual Pass holders, and on our August trip we stayed at the Grand Californian. On our September-October trip we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel in their Fantasy Tower. I didn't book reservations at the restaurants in advance so I was only able to secure one dinner and one breakfast reservation at Steakhouse 55. It was awesome to be able to not rush for our dinner or breakfast reservations because it was located in the same building.

The rooms are clean the beds are comfortable in the Fantasy Tower. I think the rooms are better in the Frontier Tower (which was the tower that was renovated most recently). Many family and friends ask why do we even stay at the Disney Hotels and our answer is convenience.

We enter the park early, go back for a nap and then go back to the park at night. We average 10-15 miles walking between both Disneyland, what ever Disney hotel we are staying at and then visiting California Adventure.

The Disneyland Hotel is the furthest away from Disneyland and California Adventure. We normally stay at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel and after this most recent stay at the Disneyland Hotel we will opt for the DGCH because it's closer. Overall, the Disneyland Hotel is fine but I'd pick Disney's Grand Californian or Paradise Pier for proximity from here on out. Before we had a toddler we would stay at The Doubletree in Orange, California and take the shuttle into the park. 

Room service is fast and fresh, surprisingly delish :)

Noelle's Notes
Furthest hotel walking distance from Disneyland or CA Adventure
The best part of this hotel- Steakhouse 55

Disneyland is not the happiest place on earth. Wow what a poor culture of pissed off employees.

The lack of customer service and smiles is alarming.

David Folsom front desk manager has no skills whatsoever and should find another career choice v hospitality. 

Good luck to Disney if this is the current culture. When coupled with old physical plant and aging brand it will die as destination for families, shame.

We had a stellar experience starting from the morning when they let us check in early and upgraded our room. The room is small but very comfortable and well appointed and frankly for one night stay for two nights day it's perfect location !

Literally just steps away is the entrance to downtown Disney and about another 10 minutes will get you into the Theme Park. Location is particularly meaningful when after a full day of rides, waiting in lines UFF!,  you can go back to your room in a short period of time, take a bath and relax - then go out for the evening and not even skip a beat! 

The entire staff is remarkable and incredibly helpful and friendly. They even charged my iPhone overnight because I forgot my charger. Really, I found absolutely everything to be perfect and I am really hard to please like this. 

If you are planning to go to this hotel I don't think you will be disappointed! I left still believing there is some magic left in the world.

Where do I start. I guess with the run down rooms. Nothing has changed in years. Over priced $700 for a night with a view of the parks (not worth it) we wanted a room to see the foreword show and they didn't even have one. Slid in the pool wasn't open. Half the rides in the park was closed. The part of old and run down too. My kid had a fun time and that's all that mattered but for the price I would stay in the super 8 down the street!

The Disneyland hotel is nothing more than a regular hotel, just over priced. If I could do this over again, I would stay at the Marriott  (like we usually do). There are no perks, rooms are normal (however you get the castle with lights on your bed board), no cable, water pressure is really low, pools are NOT heated, and they do not have breakfast for their customers with hotel stay.  

We figured the Disneyland hotel would be an amazing experience for us and the kids. The front desk did not tell me what the hotel offers or what they are doing later. I finally called and asked if they had anything special going on and they have a movie playing at 8pm on the 5th floor terrance. Okay! Where is terrance tower? Oh that is in the grand hotel...? In which, you have to walk towards downtown Disney to get to Grand. We decided not to go because we just arrived in LA, was not in the best attire - considering our drive to LA is 8 hrs. 

Let's focus on room service. We ordered milk and Mickey cookies....6 cookies and 3 glasses of milk for $78! I figured these cookies better be the best cookies EVER. Nope! They were super cute but taste like sugar cookies. We then ordered breakfast and my yogurt was literally 2 spoons full with a big bowl of granola, dry fruit, and a nasty muffin for $20! The guest room reps were very nice and helpful, but again you can get this at Marriott hotel. 

Unfortunately, we will never stay here again. A regular hotel can offer more while saving a pretty penny.

Love the hotel, really close to downtown Disney where you can do shopping and eating around.

You can also take some rest and continue to Disneyland later on since you kinda staying close by.

The hotel itself is clean, brightly painted and well maintained..... The problem is it is a hotel that was made in the 50's or 60's and just tired.   

Great for location, the extra Disney hours and has a nice little pool area... but I was generally disappointed with the facility itself.

