DCA keeps improving itself more and more.  Sadly, they longer have Tower of Terror, but thankfully I rode it twice on its last week and got to experience Late Check-In.  Aladdin is now longer playing at the Hyperion Theater, but it has been replaced with Frozen.  Soarin' Over California is now Soarin'.  
 
Sadly, they also removed the Golden Gate Bridge at the entrance of DCA.  It's such a different feel than Disneyland, but still fun as well.  

I love Cars Land and they do have fast passes for Radiator Springs, but I also love Luigi's Roadsters..it's DCA's version of Mad Tea Party.  My most favorite is Animation drawing because I get to be an artist even for 30 minutes. 

Frozen staging is amazing!!!  You will be wow'd with the props that are used.  Try to get to Hyperion Theatre 40 minutes prior to show time if you want to sit on the bottom level.  It's the best seat.

Amazing Park!!!! 
Less crowded than Disneyland. 
The best of this park is : The Cars Side, toy story Ride, Ariel ride. 
The Frozen (Elsa &amp; Anna) Orchestra Show is absolutely Amazing! Great show! 
It is a Must See!!!   
The 9:30 (world of Colors) show is incredible!


Also, here at this park you see Ariel at her "Ariel Grotto" restaurant followed with 4 surprise Princesses inside the restaurant who sign your autograph book and you can take pictures with ! 
Well the food was good! 
Cocktails are delish.

So the reason for my 1 - star is because after we ate here, this was the only restaurant We ate at, other than that we packed food! 
Well, my little 3 year old, threw up all night, all morning. 

I cannot think where else my daughter could have got sick from.... 
so,  - star just for that!

Very happy we came here! 
March is a good time to come, warm weather.

California adventure, I underestimated you. I really thought you were just a kind of "Disney Afterthought" but I couldn't have been further from the truth. You are a Park completely separate from Disneyland in all the best ways. Being born and raised in Cali, I appreciate how this Park really tries to show you every side of California, from the northern Redwoods, to SF Bay Area, to Central Wine Valley, to Hollywood to the boardwalks of So-Cal. 

Right when you walk into California Adventure, you are greeted by Buena Vista Street, Cali. Adv. answer to Main Street, USA. Victorian style buildings and houses are reminiscent of central coast and N. Cali. It's like walking down a street in SF. Carthay Circle is a gorgeous building that looks majestic lit up at night (similar to another building in DL :wink wink:). 

Carsland is definitely one of my top favorite Lands! They hit it out of the park with this one! Each location feels like it's right out of the movie, awesome details everywhere you look! Also some of the best food is located inside this land. Cozy Cone is essentially a food court, with each cone serving up a different tasty treat, Pretzel twists to popcorn to ice cream and more. Redd's Apple Freeze is Fantastic! Redd's special seasoning Frozen apple juice with a touch of toasted marshmallow and topped with a passion fruit-mango foam. This is sooooo BOMB! Don't forget your Chili Cone Queso at the cone next door, the chicken verde cone is also super tasty! Ramone's Pair of Dice soda, a prickly pear and monitored flavored spritzer is also available at the churro cone. 

Flo's V8 Café is also a prime food destination inside of Carsland! I've gone enough times to have tried everything on the menu, but my personal faves are the veggie tater bake, BBQ pork ribs, quarter chicken and the roast beef and cheddar sandwich. 

Veggie Tater bake is like a vegetarian answer to the Shepard's pie. Very flavorful and filling. BBQ pork ribs are succulent and fall right off the bone, house made Coca Cola BBQ sauce is fire! Quarter chicken in juicy and well cooked, simple and light, but still filling. Roast beef is served on yummy garlic chive bun, caramelized onions and a horseradish aïoli. This is heavenly and definitely is tough competition for Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney (although I'm sorry, Earl of Sandwich wins for me!). 

You can't leave without getting an Ugly Pie. Called that because of the rustic, "ugly" look of the crust, trust me when I say these pies are far from ugly in flavor. Get any one, seriously they are all amazing. You can't go wrong with the signature apple cheddar, if you're apprehensive because you think fruit and cheese in a pie is weird, suck it up! You'll love this pie! Chocolate Mud is also super decadent and chocolatey beyond your wildest dreams.

A Bug's Land is a land geared towards little kids and toddlers. My little girl loves this land! Her favorite thing is the splash pad, which feels great when she gets hot after walking around all day. All the rides are super toddler friendly and the land itself is so cute, decorated to make you feel as though you were the size of a itty bitty bug. 

A very underrated attraction inside of the Grizzly Peak area is the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail. THIS IS TOO FUN! Designed for little kids and bigger kids (and even bigger, adultier kids!) alike, this obstacle course features a network of trails in a simulated Redwood Forest. There are rope bridges, a rock climbing wall, even child friendly "ziplines"! My daughter loved the spirit cave, touch your hand upon the wall and it will tell you your "Spirit Animal". It's all Brother Bear and Wilderness Explorers from Up! themed. Don't forget to check this little nature escape out!

Also, the two most underrated rides here are The Little Mermaid and Monster's Inc. GO ON THESE RIDES!!! There is normally little to no wait. If there is a line, they move FAST! 

Paradise Pier is reminiscent of Belmont Park in SD or Santa Monica Pier in LA. Ferries wheel and a rollercoaster, right on the "water" with a Fairgrounds feeling. Pacific Wharf is where you can find most your food options, inspired by Pier 39 or Fisherman's Wharf. I personally recommend a Bread Bowl or the half chicken with grilled veggies at Cocina Cucamonga. Large portions and a beautiful plate!

You can get ALCOHOL in Cali. Adven.! They serve Karl Strauss!!! YUMMM! I'm an SD native, so this pleases me greatly! Also, you can get delicious Cocktails and Apps at The Cove Bar, or at the Lounge at Carthay Circle. Let's not forget Wine Country Trattoria or Mendocino Terrace, where you can get wine flights to go with your Italian meat and cheese boxes.

Hollywoodland takes you back to the Golden Era of Hollywood and offers more interactive experiences, like learning how to draw Disney characters and watching Live shows at the Hyperion. 

California Adventure, you did right by CA! And only getting better and better!

We had the one day hopper so we didn't get to explore everything CA AD had to offer, but what we did get to experience, we loved every single moment of it! 

The best ride was SOARING OVER CALIFORNIA. I loved CARS also, but not as much! 

We ate at Ariels Grotto, we bought the pre fix meals with the water show tickets (I recommend this). The food was amazing! 

We look forward to coming back to enjoy other rides we didn't get to, and of course, the Tower of Terror replacement ride!

Before our weekend fun made a stop in California adventure, it's Disneyland for adults. It's small and quick with a few rides for grown ups sprinkled with fun time rides for the kiddos. We started with a quick bite and few adult beverages at the cove. 
      The big attraction is the cars area with a realistic ride on this fast paced adventure. Another hit is the ferris wheel where you can rotate and move in mid air, not my favorite but exciting nonetheless. 
      Our main stop was really the cove, the drinks are smooth and some pack a punch. The food however was ridiculously overpriced but being at Disneyland it's to be expected. The drinks surprisingly can be made to go, seems dangerous but with kids around highly unlikely mischief would occur. 
      Overall great time out with family and good way to set the day up for some Disney fun.

We had so much fun!! There weren't that many people, maybe because it was raining part of the day, but the park didn't seem crowded. The longest we waited in line was about an hour for Soaring Around the World, but we got a fast pass for it before we stood in line so we could go twice in a row! The longest wait was for the Cars ride, but we had two people and decided to go in the Single Rider line, so that only had us waiting 10min. 

BEWARE: the fast pass for Cars sells out pretty early in the morning so get it first thing!! (The station is next to Bugs Land) 

There are many food options so it's easy to take a break and grab a bite. This park is much more relaxed than Disneyland as there aren't as many attractions, but it is a lot less stressful to walk through. 

Also, they have beer and margaritas for purchase!

DO NOT GO TO "It's Tough to be a Bug" show if DISLIKE SPIDERS.

So over crowded that it take all the happiness out of this place. 2 hour waits for almost all the rides and a bunch broken rides to add to the madness. Can you believe all of this on Thursday.... I'm having a hard time coming back because it feels like I'm just paying to stand in line, I can do that at the DMV.

Love this park! My favorite rides are Toy Story Mania, the Cars ride and Soarin'!  Soarin' is all new and goes around the world instead of just over California.  It was amazing and worth the wait!  The kids love Screaming, but mama is too much of a scardy-cat to go on it.  LOL 
Our favorite place to eat is in the place that looks like the San Francisco pier.  Lots of great choices there and a nod to the Bay Area.  Did I mention this park has alcohol?!! Well they do!! So grab some beer and/or wine and enjoy!  
The hours are usually 9am to 10pm, so you don't have to be up at the crack of dawn to get everything done like at Disneyland.  That's a plus for me!! 
Thank you Disney California for a great time and we will see you soon!

Newest of the two parks on Disneyland Resort property. It doesn't have as many rides or restaurants as Disneyland, but this is an enjoyable park and definitely deserves a visit at least once. When DCA first opened it wasn't that exciting and didn't have a lot to offer (to stretch out a full day), but since opening they've redone much of the park and continue to add more (i.e. Tower of Terror soon to be remodeled into Guardians of the Galaxy). Being "California" Adventure, this park features landmarks of California and pays a lot of homage to Walt Disney and the history of Disney itself. Carthay Circle restaurant was added in recent years to replicate Carthay Circle Theater where Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs premiered in 1937. 

California Adventure is split up into different themed areas like Disneyland. There's the newest Carsland, Buena Vista Street, Hollywood Boulevard, A Bug's Land, Pacific Wharf, Paradise Pier and Grizzly Peak. The more popular rides like Radiator Springs Racers, Soarin', Goofy's Sky School and Grizzly River Run have fast passes. Radiator Spring Racers usually runs out FAST, so if you want one act quickly. The Little Mermaid - Ariel's Undersea Adventure usually doesn't have much of a line unless it's a really busy day. It's my favorite ride in the park (because Ariel, duh!), but it's a great dark ride with AC so it's a great way to cool off in the hot summer months. 

Plenty of characters come out to interact with guests and take photos. Oswald, Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, Donald, Goofy, Spider-Man, Captain America, Monsters Inc., etc. In Pacific Wharf you can get free samples of sourdough bread at Boudin and chocolate at Ghiradeli. I do kind of miss the free tortillas though. Unlike Disneyland you can buy and drink alcohol here. It's served at various restaurants, bars and quick services. 

California Adventure has different events through out the year. They recently had "Festival of Holidays," which was kind of like Disneyworld's Food and Wine festival at Epcot. It featured little booths with various samplings of food from different countries. Everything looked so good, but unfortunately they really seemed to price gouge more than usual. I ordered a Mango Lassi at one of the booths without knowing the size of the cup beforehand and it was a tiny little cup. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but if I had known the size I probably wouldn't have ordered it. 

The one thing to definitely see at least once in this park is the World of Color nighttime water show. It requires tickets (either fast pass or dining plan from lunch/ dinner). Easiest way is to book a World of Color dining plan from one of the places because you get priority seating (standing really) and a tasty meal.

It was my first time ever! in a Disney park and the golden ticket bought me to Adventure land! i was a total 48 year old kid once again!!
Experience the Movie Cars up and first hand in real life. Right to the stop light that has a slow third light. 

The most extree and fantastic ride was the Roller coaster!!Wow! I am still shaking! "Lift your legs!" it will feel like you are flying!

if one thing you do ! you must go to both disney park and Adventure land!

Disney California Adventure Park never gets the respect it deserves given its proximity to the classic Disneyland. This park is across from Disneyland and shares all the same parking and transportation infrastructure. Most people visiting Disney focus all their energy on Disneyland, but I feel that California Adventure is slightly superior and may even surpass its sibling in future generations.

The main focus of California Adventure is the great state of California. You enter the park in a romanticized version of old Los Angeles with a red car clanging down the boulevard. The park is split into several areas - wilderness, boardwalk, wharf, Hollywood streets, Cars Land - which makes it a little more interesting.

The rides are superior to Disneyland. Soaring is my personal favorite, but I also love the Grizzly River Run and Radiator Springs Racers. There are also much more wild rides here that will satisfy most thrill seekers. What really makes California Adventure special is all the special performances and entertainment options. They have several musicals and movies shown throughout the day which provides a nice respite during the heat or rain.

Food and drink options are also better than Disneyland. Besides several full service restaurants and better snack options, California Adventure serves alcohol. They serve good wine and beer with several tasting bars which can also help parents survive the day.

Your trip to Disneyland should include Disney California Adventure Park. You will not be disappointed.

I love this place! It's right across from Disneyland. If you're going to both parks, get the Park Hopper Pass, which currently runs $169.00 for one day. This place caters more to the adults. They actually serve alcohol in this park. It's connected to the Grand Californian Hotel. It's smaller than Disneyland and closes earlier. 

The Little Mermaid ride is here, along with World of Color. Too bad I didn't get to see World of Color because they shut it down due to the winds. I did get to see "It's Tough to be a Bug!" I really liked it. It was in 3D and you felt like you were there. You could feel the seat poking at you, water splashing on you, and you could smell certain things when it was on the screen. I also attended the live "Frozen" show. It was just like the movie, except the people were real. Those actors can really sing. My favorite ride there was Soarin' Around the World. It took you to places like the Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Eiffel Tower, Pyramids of Egypt, and some sunny beaches. It's such a cool experience!

It's the first year that Disney is dong the Festival of Holidays. It's to celebrate holiday festivities inspired by the different cultural traditions. Festive Food Marketplace Kiosks and Festival Entertainment are some of the things being offered.

Thanks to Belle for keeping me, Nadine, and Tim company. Also, thanks to Kevin for offering to access my digital downloads with my codes. I didn't have any codes, though. I just took all the pics with my cell phone.

We are so glad we chose to go to DCA on our second day. This park has more rides that seem geared towards smaller children, but has the same quality as, and experience as, Disneyland. DCA feels more casual and relaxed. Lots of fun, live shows and Pixar characters. 

BONUS: there are restaurants that serve alcohol for strolling around DCA, which we did not see at DL. 

The Cars Land experience, the comfortable Carthay Circle lounge, and Soaring Around the World (Grizzly Peak) were our favorite! There is so much to do and see, you simply cannot do it all in a day (especially with small children).

The World of Color section is huge. We did not catch the show, in favor of catching as many rides and attractions as we could while the lines were shorter. 

The Kid Swap option is perfect. We had a 3 year old and 5 month old with us. Once they fell asleep, we would take turns. The Kid Swap pass you get at the head of the line, and once through, is good for up to three to go themselves in the Fast Pass line. My sister and I would ride, relieve the husbands from kid-duty and they would go. Both parks have this feature. 

We can't wait to go back!

DCA is wonderful and magical in its own right. Even though it opened almost 50 years after Disneyland, it has made a name for itself and stands out all on its own. I love visiting both parks anytime I am here. Some of my favorite rides at DCA are: California Screamin', Luigi's Roadsters, Radiator Springs Racers, Soarin' Over the World (formerly Soarin' Over California), and Ariel's Undersea Adventure. Don't forget to stop in Hollywood Land and check out Turtle Talk with Crush along with the live production of Frozen at the Hyperion... IT IS A MUST SEE! Walking through Bug's Land is always fun and cute too.

As far as rides, if you plan correctly, you can get lots of good ones in with the appropriate use of fast passes and waiting for ones that have short lines. If you go during the week, it's typically not so busy. However, since most people only make it on the weekend, plan accordingly.

Side note: I've posted another review for the Park Vue Inn that is right across the street - if you plan to stay overnight, you should always try to get a room there.

At the end of the night, make sure you check out World of Color - an amazing water show in the lagoon at Paradise Pier. You can get fast passes for this also (located in dispensing machines near the Grizzly River Run ride).

Helpful tip: The nice thing about the fast passes for this show is that it doesn't affect your fast passes for rides, since it's not a ride... You can still get up to two fast passes for rides in addition to your pass for World of Color.

Don't miss out on all the fun here!

I recently checked out the Lunar New Year festivities here, and I loved all of them!  My favorite was the acrobats - they had performances all week!  The last guy dressed in white had some intense tricks (and prob really nice abs).  Mulan and Mushu had a procession by the jellyfish ride, and afterwards they were at the photo area.  There were also free Chinese name writing and tying new year wishes on red ribbons.  There's also ethnic food booths, which probably over charge.  There's Vietnamese, Korean, and Chinese food.

Just a note at the character area: they rotate the characters.  When I got in line, it was Mulan and Mushu.  Then 30 minutes later, they switched out with Mickey and Minnie in Chinese traditional clothing.  Then 30 minutes later, I got to take photos with Mulan and Mushu when they came back.  

The best ride at DCA is Radiator Springs!  Although it gets closed often, I like that allow fast pass and that they put the fast pass distribution by A Bug's Life land.  I definitely recommend getting those passes or riding as a single rider.  Another one of my favorites is Soarin' Over the World.  I actually liked Soarin' California better because it was more special to California.  But it's pretty nice to see everything out there in other countries.

Food and wine festival  was awesome.  Word to the wise be sure to buy the $45 special  deal coupons.  You get 9 coupons to use at any of the booths to get one of the menu items (sorry guys they can't be used for alcohol). Most dishes are about $7-$8. Use the coupons on the more expensive  items and pay for the cheaper stuff to really get the most out of your visit

I had never ventured to Disney California until I bought my annual pass! Totally worth it too, especially with living in San Digeo and working retail! 

In my review for Disneyland I suggested to come early and add the Disney App for the day to your phone, you'll be able to see the wait time for all the rides! There's definitely a lot less kids at this park! 

The best part about Disney Calfornia is the alcohol, go to the Cove Bar and you will not be disappointed! Order the Cove Bar Lobster Nachos, I am salivating just thinking of it, that's all we've really tried to eat, but to drink, I normally get the Funwheel, it's part of the not so secret secret menu. Bryan orders beer, but there are beer stands throughout the park, you can drink and walk around Disney CA without a problem. 

Come here for a break from the kids and drive some silly water!

The Christmas Season brings such a wonderful ambience in the park and this year's festivities kicked off this weekend. The food that is being offered specifically in California Adventure is pretty amazing and really deserves some recognition.

Throughout the park you'll notice holiday food stands that are are offering food associated with Christmas or influenced by other countries. So it's pretty cool to walk around the park and partake in snacks and drinks that are specific to the holiday celebration going on in the park. 

We tried several things ranging from egg nog cheesecake to an amazing boa. If you're headed to the park as an annual pass member or just visiting for the day, you must stop by California Adventure and indulge in a few treats.

The egg nog cheesecake was pretty delicious and very affordable for Disney pricing, for $4.50 you can get a slice for yourself or share.

Was so disappointed! I had 1 full day to play since I was in Los Angeles for training. Decided on California Park since I'd never been and Disneyland had a bunch of rides closed. 

Turns out almost every ride I wanted to go on at California was closed. The Grizzly, the Tower of Terror, the Ferris wheel, soarin over the world, and Goofy's sky school just went down as we got up to the line! 

So with all these rides down, all the other rides had extra long lines. It said 35 minute wait at California screamin' but it was more like 65 minutes! I don't know why it was so crowded on a Tuesday. 

Should have gone shopping instead : (

For someone who doesn't care for the place overall, when I am here, its pretty delightful. Its Disneyland and it doesn't need to persuade people too much so consider this an unbiased opinion.. its definitely worth going!

The only drawbacks would be that its too crowded half the time, parking sucks on those days and many things are over priced for their worth.

This is a place that gets you so wrapped up in what's going on that you forget many if your troubles or frustrations for the time being.

The sister park to Disneyland, I've seen this park change from a small park with one ride to a large park fit for a big kid! This park has Walt Disney history, it was redone to capture what his life was like move he moved to California to start his dream to build Disneyland. The park has fewer rides than Disneyland but they have better food options to pick from. Yearly they have their Food &amp; Wine festival which is a great way to come and try new food with friends. They have a small kid park area for rides that little ones enjoy. You have to visit cars land when you come by! They are still renewing things in this park so each time you find something new is happening.

So you take the Happiest Place on Earth and you add booze = the Funnest Place on Earth!  I looooove California Adventure!  Fortunately, my family and I live relatively close, and we are season pass holders.  Yes, it's a lot of money.  But for the monthly fee, we can go as many times as we want and have endless fun.  We try to make it at least a couple times a month and the passes are far cheaper than buying tickets would be.  

Because we go regularly and live locally, we pack snacks and eat right before going, so we rarely have to dine at the park.  We will usually pick one treat to indulge in for the day, and everyone is happy.  Most days I don't drink anything at CA Adventure, but I love that there is an option.  Once in awhile, it's nice to sit back and enjoy a cocktail while overlooking the water, or a couple of beers while enjoying some live music.  

And Cars Land at night is truly magical!  If you are a fan of the Cars movies, this is a must see!  It's like you're walking onto the movie set.  My kids love it.  We spend lots of time here just wandering around, checking out shops, taking photos with the Cars characters, cruising the boardwalk, and dancing to DJ the race car or in the Mad Hatter area.

The other perk... this park is usually *slightly* less crowded than Disneyland ;-)

This is the second park in the Disneyland parks and isn't generally as busy as Disneyland but is still totally worth the visit.
 
This park isn't as large as Disneyland but still has a ton of rides and things to do. Since this side wasn't as busy, most of the rides we rode were in this park. They have a ton of non thrill rides and fun, cute rides.
 
There is a good amount of food options so you can stay happy and there are also a bunch of different stores so you can do your Disney shopping in this park. I love that they have California Screamin', it is a great thrill ride and the roller coaster of my dreams.
 
It is certainly worth getting a park hopper pass and checking this side of the park out!

When I go to Disneyland, I always include a visit to California Adventure. .. same parking lot, shorter hours, and right across the way!

Our strategy this time was to get a Fast Pass for the Live "Frozen" show at the Hyperion Theater (show up one hour before showtime for a better seat - Mezzanine had a view of everything). We also got a Fast Pass for Soarin' Around the World. While waiting for our times, we stood in line for The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. We ate a breakfast sandwich from Fiddler, Fifer, &amp; Practical Cafe during our wait. 

We rode Tower of Terror two days in a row since it will be closing in "early 2017".  It will be replaced by Guardians of the Galaxy. 

We were not able to go to "It's Tough to be a Bug!" since it was closed for maintenance. We did ride Luigi's Rollickin' Roadsters (opened this year - not my favorite) and Radiator Springs Racers (go in the Single Rider Line for less wait time)!

I like World of Color and The Little Mermaid - Ariel's Undersea Adventure, but we ran out of time. We also didn't get to do Toy Story Midway Mania (like virtual carnival games). Guess I must return! 

I'm really happy that I got a chance to ride the new Soarin' Around the World which replaced Soarin' Over California. Seeing the Wonders of the world such as the Pyramids, the Great Wall of China, the Taj Mahal, and the Eiffel Tower in a safe and air conditioned environment with my friends was one of the highlights of my vacation!

There are four things that make the California Adventure park really worthwhile(used to 5 things until the Tower of Terror was permanently shut down -I hope the new Guardians of the Galaxy ride is worth shutting down the Tower, why not just build it and expand the park -not like Disney is hurtin for cash -oh well). 

California Screamin coaster is one of the best coasters not just at Disneyland but anywhere around, I'd like to shake the persons hand who designed such a fun ride.

Midway Mania, a 3D interactive first person shooting gallery ride was literally the most fun I had in a long time, felt 12 again. Can't say enough about how fun Midway Mania is, immediately after it ended I wanted to get back on and try to beat my score and the high scores of everyone in the park that's played are displayed so even more reason to play again. It is so much better than the BuzzLightyear interactive game in the Disneyland park.
The third thing I think is fairly well known - the Karl Strauss craft brew, wine bars, and margarita slushes - adult beverages aren't served anywhere in Disneyland except inside the California Adventure park.
Lastly the World of Color show here is a laser light show over the water incorporating all the Disney movies and music into the best show you'll ever lay your eyes on as a Disney fan. 
Besides all that, the food is much better at California Adventure than inside the Disneyland park(guess that is 5 things after all) so much better to eat here if you shelled out for the pricy hopper ticket.

Woah!!!!!!! Yelp hide my amazing review of Ca adventure, so i am hoping that if I write it again, it does not get filtered out. 

DCA is a great park that shows the best parts of California. While it has changed over the last several years, it continues to improve with new rides and news lands. 

Most recently, the tower of terror will be replaced with a guardians of the galaxy ride. While i hold a spwcial place in my heart for that ride, i cannot wait to see what is to come. 

Oh, and the best part...california adventure has alcohol!!!!! Hehehe.....oh and don't forget to keep an eye out for the hidden mickeys!!!

Please read my preview review for an overall review of the place. This updated review is just for tips on how to efficiently plan which rides to go on first. I hate waiting and will not wait for anything for more than 60 minutes at Disneyland. So here's how I do it:

Go right when the park opens. Head to Radiator Springs to get your fast pass for Radiator Spring Racers. During peak holiday weeks, the lines for getting fast passes for this ride specifically is extremely long. Snag yourself some fast passes to avoid the horrendous 2-3 hour wait for this ride that only lasts about two minutes long (my dad timed it, lol). 

After, get your fast passes to World of Color right by the water ride. As I had mentioned in my previous review, this is the only exception for getting two fast passes at the same time. You usually have to wait until a certain time to get another one (it's listed at the bottom of your fast pass ticket) - sometimes it's earlier than your fast pass return time, sometime it's at the same time. It just depends! I don't know how the colored seating works for WOC anymore because I swear the last time, the blue seating was the best seating. I got a fast pass for WOC right when the park opened on my first visit this month and I was placed there and it was more off to the side. On my last visit this week, we got tickets a little later (around 8:50ish) and we were seated in the yellow section and it was more to the middle! 

The next thing you need to ride is Toy Story Mania. This ride can easily be a 40 minute wait just 20 minutes after opening and there are NO fast passes to this ride! 

Other rides to get fast passes for are Tower of Terror and Soarin'. Soarin over CALIFORNIA has now changed into Soarin' AROUND THE WORLD. I think it's a lot better now especially since they can constantly change the destinations rather than just limiting it to places in California.

For the new Frozen show, make sure you line up early. Like an hour early if you want to be guaranteed a seat. We were lucky to get seats because we came a little late!! 

Hmm..can't think of any other tips atm, but that's all I got for now. I never have to wait more than an hour for anything here. Also, it's really convenient to have a hotel that's walking distance since you can finish this park pretty quickly if you time everything quick enough. You can just walk right over and take a nap!

Long lines and big crowds.  Tower of terror and the muppets are now gone. We will most likely not do park hopper again and just stick to Disneyland.

The most fun in a long time relax love and feel good all at once the place to go when you need to get over hurt

For a person who absolutely HATES waiting in line this place is pretty fun still.. honestly everytime before I come I get irritated just THINKING about the amount of people and lines here but somehow disney works its magic and when I get here things just magically seem okay..

don't get me wrong the waits are insane and my feet and back are killing me halfway through the day but the shows and rides somehow make it all better..

I don't think I need to say this but ticket prices are a rip off but hey what can you do? people pay therefore disney charges!

One of the best NYE I have ever had in my life from the music to dancing to the fireworks to the world of color.  I was blown away by Disney magic that made my NYE spectacular.  The rides were awesome and getting to party at the happiest place on earth was a dream come true! No better way to start 2017!  The Frozen one hour musical show is a must see! The staging and the costumes is on point.  I loved it and so will you!

Can't say enough good things about this place! I've only even been here twice in my life, but I can confirm that it's one of the most happiest places on Earth!

Everything from the rides, to the food, to the shows are fantastic! Also remember, FASTPASS is your friend!

Favorite rides: 
- Cars: Radiator Springs Racers (this should be your first ride because the line for this gets EXTREMELY long)
- Grizzly River Run
- The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Undersea Adventure
- Mickey's Fun Wheel
- Monsters, Inc.: Mike and Sulley to the Rescue
- Silly Symphony Swings
- Toy Story Midway Mania
- (used to be) Twilight Zone: Tower of Terror

Favorite shows:
- (used to be) Aladdin
- World of Color

Favorite dining: 
- Corn Dog Castle
- Cove Bar (get alcohol)
- Ghirardelli® Soda Fountain and Chocolate Shop
- Pacific Wharf Cafe

So, when California Adventure opened, I was indignant because 1) I was built on the strawberry field where we used to buy strawberries (http://articles.latimes.com/1998/sep/30/local/me-27837), and 2) what I had understood it was basically the size of one of the lands in Disneyland, but it was the same price as Disneyland which I thought was ridiculous.  Since my last visit to Disneyland was in 1996, California Adventure wasn't built yet, I truly had no idea.

Since my most recent Disney experiences before this trip were with Disney World, I actually looked forward to seeing CA Adventure and going on the rides that were similar in Florida.  The best ride here, I think, is California Screamin'.  It also had a super short line, so we were able to go on it twice in a row in pretty quick succession.  We were going to do Soarin', but since the line was so long, and the fastpass was so late, we skipped it, but had been on the one in EPCOT.

Overall, this is a very cool park, and I'm looking forward to visiting again.

California Adventure is just average in my opinion. I can't help but compare it to Disneyland so California Adventure just lacks the charm and magic of Disney. The rides are for more of a thrill seeker. There are not that many rides in the whole park so the lines for the popular ones are usually a 2 hour + wait. The best part about this place are the churros because they make you feel like you are at Disneyland!!! I have to say I was also really impressed with the toy story ride. It's fun how it's set up like a 3-D video game. If I ever find myself back here, I'm just going to go on the Toy Story ride over and over again with churro breaks in between.

Such a fun park. Quickly becoming one of my favorites. There are so many fun rides. You can't miss tower of terror, river run, mickeys fun wheel (the moving cars), toy story mania, soarin the world and the cars ride.   If you play your cards right, you can get fast passes for most of these rides throughout the day, so there's not much line waiting. 

There are also really good food options.  Cars land has really good cone dinners at Cozy Cone Motel. And you can't forget the Mickey beignets. To die for. 

Definitely worth the money.

I love CA Adventure Park! My boyfriend and I recently came on the last weekend of the Holiday Festivities (first week of January, peak season.) Tickets were $119 a pop! Lucky us, we only had to pay the difference leftover from a gift certificate. Inside the park is pretty expensive all around; you can bring food and drinks inside to save some bucks on snacks and such. 

We've been here twice before and have learned to grab a Fast Pass right upon entering. We went straight to the World of Color Fast Pass by the big Grizzly Bear in his adorable Christmas sweater. After that, we headed straight to Cars Land for Radiator Springs Racer Fast Passes; there was a line for this! And they go quickly. Regular wait times are usually over 120 minutes, so definitely get one of these first. It's such a fun ride, you don't want to miss it!

*Note that you can only get one ride Fast Pass until the time on your ticket expires, then you can get another one. 

Toy Story Mania is super fun. Make it more fun by competing against your partner; whoever has the highest score buys a churro... or beer :)
Yes, you can walk around with alcohol!

Frozen Live is phenomenal! I loved seeing the diversity in the cast who do so well portraying the characters. The singing was amazing. Totally worth seeing. Make sure to get in line an hour before showtime for good seating in the orchestra or mezzanine.

Make a stop at the Animations Academy (they have a new class every half hour) to let out your creative side as an instructor guides you on how to draw a Disney character.

World of Color is my favorite part of this park and the best way to end the day; full of nostalgia and magic!

Love it here, this place serves craft beer on tap!! They have some more of the newer movies rides and play areas and shows that my younger kids can relate to like most of the Pixar movies like Bugs life, Cars, Toy Story, also a  Frozen show/play which I must say was a great show if you haven't seen it! It's a much smaller park than Disneyland and closes usually an hour earlier but it's just as fun! World of Color is a dope way to end your day, and is way better than the fireworks show at Disneyland in my opinion.  Did I say this place serves craft beer....enough said!

This place is pretty fun, although I personally wouldn't pay full price just to go to this one park.  Instead, I would rather go here only when it's in the park hopper ticket. 

The first thing that anyone should do in the morning is to get fast passes for World of Color.  That way, you get way better seats and avoid the crowd coming in.  After we got our fast passes, we waited in line to get on the Paradise Pier ride, which is the ride with the loop in it.  RIGHT when we we about to get on the ride, the ride got stuck, which I hear actually happens a lot, so we had to leave and come back another time once they get it working again.  Luckily they were able to accommodate us and provided fast passes for us  when we come back later.  

For your competitive side, there is also the Toy Story ride right next to the merry go round.  It's a bunch of shooting games and you try to get higher scores than the person you're sitting with.  I think my friend's calibration was off though and his wasn't shooting straight.  I'm not sure if they check the calibration of each car often because we went on this ride in the beginning on the day.  

Once we got off we headed to the Cove Bar.  What I like about Disney California is that they serve alcohol.  I was also pleasantly surprised that you can take alcoholic drinks in to go cups and carry them around the entire park.  You can't take them outside of the park, though, only inside.  

The reason why I say to only go here when it's in the park hopper ticket was because we really only came for the Cove Bar and World of Color.  While we did do a few more things, those two were the main attractions that we wanted to experience.  Unfortunately, due to the winds, World of Color was cancelled that day that we went.  It sucks because we paid money to see it, and yet we never got to see it.  Even though it's mostly a water show, I believe that there is some fire in there, so I mean I can understand why they would cancel it.  But still, it sucked A LOT not being able to see it.  

Disney California is meant more for an older group, although they are still very family friendly.  We didn't get to check out Cars Land, which I think has a lot more things to do, because we had the park hopper tickets and spent most of the day at Disneyland.  All of the cast members are super friendly and helpful and this park is a fun experience.  I definitely recommend coming here at least once in your life!

I never realized how much of a difference Cali Adventure is during the Holiday season. Christmas decor found in every nook and cranny, the myriad of performances - from singers to dancers from cultures across the globe, World of Color Holiday edition, and food kiosks really makes a huge difference, environment wise. It was these things that made it comparably magical to the one and only Disneyland and hands down one of my best experiences there. Though going there during the holiday time costs a tad bit more and wait times are a little longer, it is well worth it.

When you do go there, make sure to take advantage of the Fast Pass system. With it you can easily go on every ride if you spend the whole day there. The ones you have to go on are California Screaming, the Cars ride, and my favorite kiddy ride in Cars Land called Luigi's Rollickin' Roadsters. Sadly when I was there it was raining so they closed down a few of the rides. 

Tower of Terror is frightening and great for the thrillseekers but I heard they're closing it down on 1/1/17 so go before this landmark is gone! The Bug's Life area of the park is the best place to bring the kids, though it's a bit outdated. Definitely still cute and a crowd favorite.

Don't skip out on the Frozen Live show at the Hyperion because that is AMAZING, going there was arguably the best part of my day and the perfect place to rest! The production value was way better than unexpected and the actors/singers were so so good! Seeing Aladdin go sucked, but being bitter and missing out on this new show will suck much more. They have shows 3 times a day so plan accordingly.

For food, I always go to Corn Dog Castle for the yummy corn doggies. The Cove Bar has Lobster Nachos which are great to share with others if you're looking for something more upscale. Like D-Land, they have churros, turkey legs, Starbucks, etc. But as stated before Cali Adventure has the food kiosks during the holidays with cool eats like tamales and Mac n cheese with breadcrumbs. Ya can't find that at D-land I think.

If you find the time and money (yes it's friggin expensive) go to Cali Adventure. Most people choose D-land for its magical feels but Cali Adventure, the underdog of the two, is just as great!

I had to pop in before Tower of Terror got a face lift, and I enjoyed every second of my visit here.

We visited during the 2016 Holiday Season, so the park was festive. CA Adventure is a smaller park, but I think it packs a big bunch.

I'm a huge fan of Tower of Terror, and the ride didn't disappoint. I love the decor, that ridiculous drop, and the sheer terror I feel as I plummet through the air.

I visited with my husband, and this was our first time visiting Radiator Springs, and oh my gosh. If I was a kid, I'd lose my mind. Nix that. As an adult--I lost my mind! The set was amazing! The ride in the cars? SOOOOO cool! My husband and I loved this ride!

We are also huge fans of Soarin' Around the World. When we last visited, it was Soarin' Over California, and I didn't think it could get any better. It did. The Soarin' ride takes you over various landmarks around the world, and boy is it beautiful. I got a kick out of the simulation and the air freshener used to make you feel as though you really were in the African Sahara and so on.

The World of Color show was also well-done. We actually got fast pass tickets for special seating for the 10:15 p.m. show, but we ended up getting a good view for the early show. I loved the holiday theme; Disney movies and cartoons were coupled with classics like Nat King Cole's "The Christmas Song" and "Mele Kalikimaka". I also loved how the show didn't veer away from saying Merry Christmas. I was definitely expecting the World of Color show to be extra politically correct and welcoming of all beliefs (i.e. nothing saying Merry Christmas, no mentioning of God, etc.). Nope. It was Christmas themed show--no doubt about it, and I quite liked it. Good on you, Disney!

Overall, our visit here was great, and I'm glad I got to visit the park during the holidays.

This amusement park was built over the original Disneyland parking lot during the late 90's.  Back in January 2001, my siblings and I were fortunate enough to have visited this park before it was opened to the public.  I've been coming here ever since then; but recently, only a couple times a year now.

If you have a Park Hopper, you can enter either Disneyland or California Adventures whenever you like; although I find myself going to Disneyland more frequently with a ratio of about 3:1.  FYI, DCA always closes earlier than Disneyland. 

Disneyland still has more and better attractions than DCA; but if want to visit Cars Land, then you'll need to come here. As for some new attractions, the "Frozen - Live at the Hyperion" show started in 2016; and the new "Guardians of the Galaxy - Mission: Breakout!" will be out in 2017, which replaced the "The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror" ride.

The Happiest Place on Earth can also be the Most Crowded Place on Earth..

 Before going to Disneyland and/or California Adventure Park check the area school schedule!! 

Today was a holiday of some sort for area schools and we had no idea. WORST timing ever! LINES, LINES, LINES!! 
 We've been to Disneyland a number of times before and we lucked out, never had we waited longer than 20/25 minutes for a ride... today we waited 25 minutes in the 'Single Rider' lines. Some rides were so long the wait time was 2 1/2 hours, that's crazy!
-- if ever you attend and can be separated from your group, try going on as single riders, much much faster.

 The crowds were pretty intense in the morning.
The parking was just a bad!! We were diverted from the Mickey and Friends lot all the way over to the Toy Story lot on the opposite side of the park.... 

 Despite the mass amount of people, the crazy long lines, my husband and I had a good day. We were fortunate enough to get on a few rides, got to eat an awesome Clam Chowder Bread Bowl and Steak Gumbo Bread Bowl- a must have if you ever go to Disneyland.
 Took a stroll through Downtown Disney and just spent the day walking about.

Magic. Magic. Magic.

I've been coming to Disneyland since I was probably 5 years old and it never disappoints. You get just what you expect; fun rides, captivating stories, and crowds. I've ridden more intense rides at other parks but that's not what people come here for. What makes Disney magical is that it's more than the sum of it's parts because the characters in Disney stories are timeless. It doesn't matter how old you are; step one foot on Disney property and you will feel the joy of childhood again. Whether you're here for the rides, the food, the people, the plays, or something else you are bound to feel that magic. It's just what Disney does.

Something I appreciate about Disneyland is that, even though it is a business and their overall goal is to turn a profit, you don't feel that while here. Yes, things are incredibly overpriced. But you don't feel the pressure here that you do at other theme parks. And the employees all seem invested in making sure you have the best experience possible. Disney has been at this for a lot of years and it's clear that they've got the formula down.

California Adventure closes typically at 8 PM right now but due to the rain yesterday or at least the concern about rain it was really easy to make all the rides ina few hrs left of the day, even after we visited *DISNEYLAND from 10-4. To my surprise we found that California Adventure celebrates Lunar  New Year's Year of the Rooster. We were able to try cuisine from Vietnam, China, and Korea! My favorite was Korea's mandu/steamed dumpling. It IS Spicy. The park even has a small part of  Lunar New Year presentation just before the World of Color show. I really loved seeing all of their decor and ways that they welcomed another celebration outside of the typical American Holidays. At Christmas they have Felix Navidad. To see the Lunar New Year shortly thereafter is really special for our DISNEY memories.  Had a really great time. Our two favorite rides are STILL Radiator Springs (30 minute wait yesterday!!! Rode it a couple times.) and Soarin' !!! Also rode a couple times.

Whenever I was younger this side was "the big kids side" as my mother would call it. 

But honestly it's just another great addition to Disneyland park. I love how there's the little mermaid, cars land (great ride!), toy story, California screamin', tower of terror!!!, and the world of color show!! (Possibly the greatest water show ever!!) We happened to spend 4th of July here and they did a special tribute for Americas birthday!! It was super awesome! (Get the fast passes) haha. I think we spent more of our day on this side rather than the original Disneyland park side. I love Pixar, and their parade was sooooooooo cute. Gahhhh I'm 24 years old and I'm just so in love with everything Disney. lol


Oh oh oh!!! They even serve alcohol!! The margaritas are amazing!!!

Its always nice to be able to take a little break from the crowds at Disneyland and walk across the way to Disneys California Adventure... where there are still crowds, but they really arent as crazy.

My favorite ride on this side is California Screamin.  And yeah, I scream!  I love Soarin over California as well, and again, am sad to see its changing to Soarin Over The World.  Paradise Pier has a fun carnival type feel with some neat rides and a huge ferris wheel.

I have never seen the World of Color show, but hopefully one day!

Another favorite is Tower of Terror.  There are some kids rides as well, but I couldnt tell you about those, as I havent paid any attention to them.  

There is a lot I am leaving out as I only spent a brief amount of time over there on my last visit.

The adults Disneyland! 

Plenty of things to do here and a variety of food and drinks, plus alcohol!

I'm sure everyone knows, but make sure you go straight to Cars Land get your Radiator Springs fast passes. Go to Cozy Cone and get the bread cone filled with either mac n cheese or chicken verde. They had pulled pork before, not sure what happened to that. Also, don't worry they have the corn dogs there. Drink and eat at Paradise Cove. Great seating with a view. 

New thing for me: Soarin' around the world and the Festival of Holidays. Some food items were kind of expensive, but the menu look good.

Smaller than Disneyland Resort but still up to par with their rides. It's still Disneyland so don't be surprised by the long wait times similar to the main park.

When I was a kid, my parents use to tell me, "this park is for the big kids that aren't scared." Coming 10 years later, I've realized that it's definitively not for your "tater tots"quite yet! They sell alcohol at this park (Ooooooh more adult features.) Jk, who knows how much booze costs in Disneyland. 

Screamin' California, Soarin' Over California, Tower of Terror, and the water tire ride thing (sorry, I forgot the name) are the best rides there! Definitely worth the wait and I had so much fun!

So yes, California Adventure is just as magical!

If you're a Disney fanatic, you'll love California Adventure. 

You'll go through security check prior to arriving at the ticket booths for both parks. Bags are subject to searches and selfie sticks and weapons (real or fake) are not permitted. Purchase your tickets at the ticket booths. I recommend getting a park hopper ticket if you don't already have season passes. 

All the entrance lines are long, so be patient. Once you walk in, you'll notice that 1950's Hollywood vibe. There are several souvenir stores as you make your way through. You'll notice the fountain in the middle, which is usually a great spot to take photos. You might even bump into a character there. 

You have to stop by Cars Land, it's an exact replica of the animated movie. Radiator Springs and Luigi's Rollicking Roadster are two of my favorite rides. Near Car Lands is the pier and boardwalk, reminiscent of San Francisco and the Santa Monica pier. Ghirardelli's is the best for hot fudge sundaes. I highly recommend it. The Pacific Warf has great bread bowls filled with either soup or salad. 

As you make your way around, the back you'll see the famous Tower of Terror ride which if you're reading this in 2017 or after, is now the Gardians of the Galaxy ride. 

If you've got little ones, you have to check out the Bug's Life area, they have lots of rides for the kdis. That's close to Tower of Terror. 


If you're a thrill seeker, the top adrenaline rides are Tower of Terror/Guardians of the Galaxy, California Screamin', Goofy's Sky School, Grizzly River Run and Radiator Springs. 

For fine dining, I recommend Carthay Circle, but it's best to make reservations online ahead of time.

Disney's California Adventure is the perfect addition to the main theme park. I have been coming to California Adventure ever since I was a little kid, and they recently remodeled the front of the Park. It definitely has a more "shopping mall feel," but I still like it. I definitely feel that California Adventure is more hip than Disneyland, because of the fact that the newer movies are featured in this park and tend to attract a younger audience.

Similar to my Disneyland review, will always love this park.

What more is there really to say. It's Disneyland.  It's amazing and wonderful and a place to lose yourself in. 

California Adventure is a real gem and great addition to the Disneyland resort. The best part of the whole park for me, is that fact that it was built more recently so the walkways are wider and better accommodate the crowds. Even when it's crowded, it's still manageable and not overwhelming. 

My kids love the wilderness explorer play area. Lots of slides and bridges. A great area to tire out the little ones. 

Carsland is another great spot. The attention to detail is outstanding. They've really brought the movie to life. Radiator Springs Racers is my new favorite ride, along with quite a few others it seems. If you get to DCA early, be sure to grab a fast pass quickly to avoid the line. 

Soarin has recently changed and is now Soarin over the world. A great facelift on an already fantastic ride. The new version is not to be missed. I loved it. 

The Cove Bar is my new favorite spot for food and beverage. They have pizza for kids and other appetizers as well. Plus, the drinks are amazing. Be sure to Google the secret drink menu before you come as there are some real winners not on the actual menu. 

Don't pass on California Adventure. It's definitely it's own stand alone park and a great way to spend the day.

Love this place!

Minus one star for Tower of Terror, Screamin' and Soarin' closing down so often that I couldn't even use my fast passes for them in time(I got park hopper tickets though), for the Frozen play being cancelled the whole day and for them closing at 10pm :( . I wish they would stay open until 12am like Disneyland! It's always a fun time here. 

If you're hungry, I 100% recommend getting the pasta here! It's only around $10 for a fairly large serving size of deliciousness! I got the chicken sun-dried tomato pasta and it knocked my socks off; 5/5 would eat and order again. The seating area over at the pasta place near the Ariel ride is also oh so cute and relaxing, especially at night. It's nice to take a rest and chill here since there's a ton of shade and space for everyone. There's even a bathroom in the courtyard. 

Also, for World of Color, don't forget to get a fast pass so you can get a good spot for the viewing! Also, my ticket said come find a spot 9:15-9:45 for the 9:45 show, and I got there promptly at 9:10 to fall in line, and lo and behold the area was already filled up! So they don't abide by the 9:15 rule even though the ticket says "we will not open the area until 9:15" so get there earlier than it says to if you want the best spot!

Been too this park once a while back and I must say it's a beautiful place in its own way very differently then Disney Land Park. 

The rides are for more amusing especially at my age lol, I love the Tower of Terror and it's cool how they got a Cruise ship right there idk how they fit it in there lol

A must go to spot for people choosing to come back to back days, at least give this spot half a day because that's all you'll need.

Toy story midway mania!!!!!!  The Little Mermaid ride!!!!!!!!

The line for Soarin' Over the World was insane, and we did not get a chance to get fast passes (sniff sniff).

It's Tough To Be a Bug was closed for maintenance :(

We really enjoyed this park!

Went last weekend around 7pm and stayed till midnight. Had the best time ever no line no wait times straight to the front. we went on a Sunday and it was dead! They had all the Christmas lights still on it was amazing! Definitely worth it my daughter had a blast!

How can anyone NOT like California Adventure??? It's less crowded than Disneyland I&amp; you can even walk around with an alcohol beverage there! It's much more relaxing going to DCA. It's always a nice stroll around the park no matter how big the crowd gets. I definitely prefer coming here over Disneyland.  And don't forget to use the switch pass if your youngest can't ride, available on fastpasses as well! During warm weather, there's a water play area so make sure you bring Crocs &amp; extra clothes for the kids.

As I've elaborated on my Disneyland review, there are four must knows about this place:

1. Do not buy tickets from private parties! There are many scammers there! I dare say 95%!
2. Timing is everything! The theme parks are usually empty after the first week of January til a little before Valentine's Day. Expect lots of lines most other days.
3. You can bring food &amp; drinks in! Water is free there if you ask for it in a cup.
4. Tickets are upgradeable so long as it was paid for &amp; you upgrade before your day is over. I'd do only 1 park a day. You can upgrade from a 1 day to a 2 day or even an annual pass &amp; they'll credit you what you've already paid towards any.
 
Our favorite rides are Radiator Springs Racers, Soarin, Toy Story Midway Mania and Tower of Terror (sadly, it closed on 1/2). Add California Screamin to that list, per our son's request. 

Ride Little Mermaid &amp; Monsters, Inc. when you're ready to just sit for a little while.

If you're here when it's dark, don't miss out on World of Colors &amp; the Mad Hatter Tea Party or whatever it's new name is now. Hope it's not too cold then!

I can't say I've seen the Frozen Musical, but the Aladdin one was beautiful.  We saw it over 5 times &amp; still loved it each time! 

If you want to freak anyone out, bring them to see "It's Tough to be a Bug!" Sit as far down to the right to try to scare someone,  but don't sit in the front row or you'll miss out a bit. Make sure everyone is sitting down &amp; they're leaned back when it's about to end.

Snow play &amp; the Redwood Creek challenge areas are fun, but can be tiring. Save your energy &amp; let the kids roam the nets &amp; more. Grab a churro on your way in! Rest here!

If you really need rest &amp; shelter from the weather while keeping the kids busy, bring them to the Animation building or have the younger ones to watch Disney Jr Live next door.

Definitely see the parades. I can't wait to bring our son to see the electric parade!

Foods: 
There are 2 freebies that we know of here:
Ghirardelli for a square piece of yummy chocolate &amp; across from it, the bakery tour, for little sample of their sourdough bread.

Eat in line if you want to save time (chili on a cone is perfect for that!), but feel free to sit &amp; eat at the many places like Carthay Circle (reserve months ahead of time), Flo's &amp; the Wine Trattoria.

Bread bowls are always good &amp; filling from Pacific Wharf Cafe. The Korean BBQ rice bowl is pretty good from Lucky.

Finally, we love the hand dipped ice cream bars from Clarabelle's. It's big enough to share!

Have fun!

Unfortunately we were limited on the amount of rides that were open on the Wed that we went.   Pirates of the Caribbean was not open, Jungle Boat, along with a few smaller rides and Tom Sawyer Island.  Other than an average 30-40 min wait for most of the rides (except Peter Pan, over 1 hr wait multiple times we checked through-out the day). The worst part was when we went to Downtown Disney for lunch, and had to wait over 30 mins for the Tram, due to some issues that day, they only had 1 running.   99% of Disneyland staff are super friendly and helpful, and apologize for any wait you might have.  It's Disneyland....

Missed this place as well. Thank god I got the park hopper pass. I would of got bore at Disneyland for the whole day lol. Anyways like what I said again, haven't been here in awhile. This park is much for the older crowd. Still long lines so make sure you prioritize on the ride you really want to go on first. Didn't had time to really watch the full show at night of "world of color" due to lack of sleep and a long drive back to Vegas that night. I did enjoy myself and will be coming back soon.

This park and the addition of downtown Disney was an  ambitious endeavor that most likely only Disney could pull off, and pull it off they did.

The park has a nice and somewhat fresh feel to it, yet still has the Disney feel. This would be a nice stand alone park, but when added to everything else in the area it's really quite impressive. As with all Disney parks it was extremely clean especially considering the amount of people who come through here. The food/drink choices were more interesting than the traditional Disneyland fare and include beer and wine.

My favorite attraction at this park has to be Soarin' Around the World. It plays on your senses and displays some beautiful sites. Its a must when visiting this park. 

4.5 stars

Overall this park is very, very fun! The tower of terror is my favorite ride and it's changing soon so get there fast! They have great coasters like California Screamin and really cool things like soarin over the world. 

I like this place more than Disneyland if I'm being honest. It's a blast.

I prefer Disney California adventures cause they have all the cool rides. My favorite is probably the buzz light year and the roller coaster even though it's a little scary. I've never had an issue here plus I heard they sell beer on this park whoop whoop.

We visited SoCal last weekend to take the kids for a mini vacay. We visited Legoland, Disneyland and Disney California Adventure. We visited Disney California Adventure on our last day and it was bittersweet! I didn't want to leave. I was ready to call in from work and call the kids' school to excuse their absence but we had to. We stayed there until midnight and drove back to Oakland. 

Rides that will stay with me is Cars land and Star tours (well, that one is in Disneyland we had the park hopper so we went to both). We rode the children's ride Goofy which surprised me because I thought it was going to be really weak but it was definitely surprising. 

I love that it was so much at both parks. I felt like it just wasn't enough time. 

TAKE ME BACK

I loved it.  It was fantastic. The roller coaster was Fun the park was cool 
I would recommend it

I just love everything about California Adventure, the atmosphere, the rides, attractions, shops and food venues are always wonderful. Every time I've been, it's definitely a lot more laid back and easy going than Disneyland. Even though the Tower of Terror is no longer there (Guardians of the Galaxy is taking it over) I still have a wonderful time. Cars' Radiator Racers is always packed so make sure you get the Fast Passes as soon as you can because they sell out. Soarin' has been updated too since I was there last and it's even better! And, as always, make sure you pack lots of water, snacks and wear comfy clothes and shoes - it will be a long day.

I love this place a whole lot better than the original park because it is less crowded.  We went on a Saturday and were able to get on a few rides. The ride I believe is the best is  the Carsland racers. We only had to wait in line for 30 minutes in the single rider line. We unfortunately won't be returning for a while, it is exhausting to be surrounded by so many people and the lines are too long.

This was my first visit to California Adventure and I was very pleasantly surprised! I think this is what Disney wants Hollywood Adventure or whatever they are calling it today to be. THIS is a full day park and more! Great rides, spectacular theming, and lots of bathrooms and food choices. Disney, you hit a home run with this one!

Do I dare say I prefer this park to the Magic Kingdom across the way? Don't get me wrong.  Disneyland is a childhood dream come true except for the long lines, big crowds, and high prices.  California Adventure is less crowded and much more fun for the grown folks even if it's still Disney pricey. FastPasses make the lines avoidable.  And when you and your spouse have to run from the security gates all the way to one of the stages with a pair of shoes in hand, you want to be somewhere you can actually run at high speed.  
My daughter and her dance team performed at California Adventure this summer.  It was definitely a wonderful experience for our family(except for the part when we realized she had left her jazz shoes at home).  Calfornia Adventure boasts one of my all-time favorite rides, The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.  Rod Serling voice-over and a drop from the top of an elevator tower?  Count me in! We all screamed like horror movie girls and then laughed like loons.   The ever-popular Radiator Racers are worth getting up early to snag Fast Passes; even hubby gave it rave reviews.  Soarin' took us all over the world.  The nighttime show World of Color was amazing.
Food options aren't as varied as Disneyland. If you have ParkHopper tickets, eat across the way.

Since the opening many years ago, I never really saw the need to visit this park. Outside of running through here during the runDisney races, I've only ever been to this park twice. I've been here for the Club 33 Oktoberfest special event and most recently for my birthday. From my last visit, I have concluded that you should come to this park to ride California Screamin' and visit Cars Land! They now have enough worthwhile attractions to hold its own.

Favorite theme park of all time!! YEAAAAAA!!! so much fun! Ride CA soarin and screaming! World of Color... a MUST. Goofys sky school thingy! They are all super fun!

I absolutely LOVE Disney!! This was my first time at California Adventure and I'm sure there is nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. Although the park is smaller than the Disneyland Park, the attractions and rides are wonderful and there are tons of great shops and food stands.

The Radiator Springs Racers was my favorite ride and also seemed to have the longest wait times each day. Tower of Terror is a must, as is California Screamin'. Mickey's Fun Wheel...meh. I could have done without but people seem to love it. Tip: Download the Disneyland App to plan your rides and wait times accordingly. It's a lifesaver and ensures you will make the most out of your time there.

Be prepared for a lot of walking - I find California Adventure to have more hills than Disneyland, but I also think there are more seating options as well. Restrooms are abundant and easy to locate. Oh...and there's beer. Reasonably priced craft beers...not just the cheap domestic stuff.

Have a magical day.

A childhood friend lives in the OC and was like, "come stay with me and we'll go to Disney." , I don't turn down offer to go to parks, not really. I only visit every 3-5 years, that's my rationalization, anyways.
So, paying my way, but free place to stay. Legit. Though, I didn't arrive till midday, getting to these kinds of places on opening is best.
I can obsess about $ with the best of them. But, winter is my vacation, and I work the rest of the year, so adventures will occur.
  Car's Land was being built last time I visited, so I enjoyed that. I also liked the 'Soarin Around the world' and the midway, and 'bug's life,' areas. The Ariel ride and Monster's inc ride are both tucked away or hiding in plain sight. 
  Lastly, love the concept of the parkhopper tix, but if not arriving first thing, ugh, hardly worth it unless you plan out the whole day. I am not about that, I like to wander. Plus, $$$.  Though, if you just have the 1 day, you could make it work...

I hate that this park is the same price as Disneyland! I remember years ago when it wasn't. I went on a Wednesday, two weeks before school lets out for the holidays. It was busy, but I guess it wasn't as busy as it will be around Christmas.

*Not sure why the original listing was deleted but my review was added as an update to my Disneyland review, um no they are two different parks lol*

California Adventure, you really are a park that I enjoy visiting now. I never imagined that I would be racing through the park to get to Cars Land or to make sure I got my Fastpass for World of Color. To be quite honest I hated this park up until recently lol. Gone are the days where this place was a ghost town and the theming and everything seemed kind of cheesy and like they were trying too hard to fit in. Back in 2001 this park opened to lukewarm reviews and the park just didn't live up to the hype or expectations, people were expecting a "Disney" park and there was really nothing Disney about it. I remember seeing numerous rides closing after a short period of time ie. Maliboomer and Superstar Limo. There were some interesting things about the "old DCA", like the big California letters before you entered the park, Muppet Vision 3-D, the Golden Gate Bridge and of course the revival of Disney's Electrical Parade but that was about it. Then there were whispers of possibly closing the park, it just seemed DCA was doomed from the start.

Fast forward 15 years now this park is booming and always crowded. After a $1.1 billion renovation in 2012 and the addition of the ever so popular Cars Land and lovely World of Color, this park has made a complete change and definitely for the better. The theming here and attention to detail is amazing, every inch of the park gives you a different part of California and I love it. There are lots more rides to enjoy, more shows and entertainment as well. There have been a lot of night time parties that I have seen come and go such as Glow Fest and ElecTRONica but now they have Mad T Party which is like an outdoor nightclub complete with a DJ and a bar. I feel like the park has really come into it's own and it's very enjoyable now. Although I do still feel like it is geared more towards adults aside from Cars Land since they do serve alcohol and Disneyland does not.

The park has also stepped up their game in the food department, Burger Invasion (McDonald's), Pizza Oom Mow Mow and all those other mediocre food spots are no longer here. Now there is more variety and they are taking you around the globe with their selection of restaurants such as Carthay Circle, Alfresco Tasting Terrace, Cocina Cucamonga Mexican Grill, Cove Bar and many more. When you visit either one of the sit down restaurants or the quick service restaurants you are getting a true culinary experience and that in itself deserves 4 stars. I'm also very happy that this year they are bringing back the critically acclaimed Food &amp; Wine Festival which will be 5 weeks of seminars, Celebrity chef appearances, culinary demonstrations and festival marketplaces. This just goes to show that DCA is really trying their best to be a great theme park and I think they have really proven that in the past 4 years.

Big fan of this part-time I've been taking my son here since he was about 8 months old. The food selections outweigh Disneyland in my opinion and there are generally less people. We are pass holders and love spending time at the park.

Finally went to California Adventures for the first time and it definitely met all the expectations that I had! It's super fun and it's almost like a Disneyland for adults because the rides are much more extreme and there is alcohol served as well.

The vibe from most of the cast members working at the rides there are very different than the vibe received at Disneyland. They aren't as enthusiastic, cheerful or as friendly. Some of them even yelled at the excited teenagers who ran. There are however some cast members who are still very enthusiastic and happy which is awesome! 

The lines for the rides are definitely much much shorter than Disneyland, the average wait time on a Sunday was around 15-20 minutes. There are plenty of shade everywhere and even mist that is sprayed. There are even a couple water fountain areas where people can run through and cool off! 

I would highly recommend the Grizzly River Run (You'll get wet for sure!), Hollywood hotel of terror and California Screamin for the rides. Definitely check out the Animation Academy because it's awesome! You can draw a different character every 30 minutes! 

Definitely super awesome!! I would definitely come back because there is still so much to be explored!

I liked Disney's California Adventure park more than the Fantasyland Disney park.  My boyfriend and I spent a good few hours in the AM at Fantasyland and ate a nasty overpriced lunch there before we made it to this park.  

The Cali Adventure Park was less crowded and had more to do (at least I thought).  I enjoyed the Bug's Life section and Cars Land.  We watched some performances and I had my photo taken with Minnie Mouse in her flapper outfit (cute!).  

We returned at night to see Cars Land with the neon lights which was really cute - the line for the Radiator Springs Racer ride was VERY long the entire day --- around 90 minutes.  The single rider line was also backed up (apparently everyone knows the secret now) and it was around a 50 minute wait when the ride was 90 minutes so no great savings there.... 

We watched the World of Color show at Paradise Pier and one of the employees let us stand in one of the fast pass sections that had TONS of space left although we didn't technically have a fast pass... the effects of the World of Color show are neat and some of the water element sights were cool - but the part of the show that had Neil Patrick Harris was soooo cheesy... I hated it and I love him.  Just too much for me.... 

Paradise Pier was cool tho' - we only visited for the show at night and I wish we'd spent more time there walking around.  There were shops and restaurants - it reminded me of a smaller version of Epcot at Disneyworld.  

All in all - this is the park of the two I'd choose to revisit if I had to.  I would not go back to Fantasyland.

Decided to spent my whole day at Disney California Adventure Park since the last time (also my 1st time) I spent the whole day at Disney California Theme Park.  Tickets, adding the parking cost, and pocketing your money out for food/drinks here are expensive overall.  Recommend that the park is worth it, but best to come early as you can to get your money worth by staying the whole day, and enjoy the whole park with your love ones.  

Going alone would not be fun off course, especially with all the lines you would have to spend waiting, so make sure you have good company tagging along!  Speaking of waiting in line, download the Disneyland app on your App Store.  When I tried it out, the GPS map and the wait time for each attractions was pretty accurate.

And when you are hungry, it is a must that you get and try the Turkey Leg ($10.99) when inside the park, even if you have to get it as a snack to bite on.  The Turkey Leg's skin is chewy and crispy while the meat is tender and juicy!  It is also huge and fun to bite around the simple bone.

The first FastPass we got was The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at Hollywood Land, which we glad we did.  I feel like the wait was not worth it for the thrilling action was really really short.  Do not get me wrong, the lobby entertainment and the ride experience nightly was thrilling but just short and quick.  And so popular that when we came back during the return time shown on our ticket to hop on the attraction with less waiting (average time without FastPass seems to be about 50 minutes), I noticed that the FastPass for it was close early in the afternoon.  

Soaring' Around the World at Grizzly Peak is the first attractions we went to after gotten our FastPass for the last one, but the time wait for the others (about 20 minutes) was not so bad; time flew by quick with your buddies.  This is where you feel like you are on a big air-jet roaring down this whitewater raft adventure.  Take a breathtaking journey over spectacular scenic wonders on every continent in their around-the-world adventure.

While being at this park, we gotta hop on at least one of their roller coaster.  We chose their California Screamin' at Paradise Pier.  Me personally being scared of heights, I still enjoyed the frighten and zoom on this kiddish high-speed roaster.

I also enjoyed their Cars Land in the end before our return time for our first and only FastPass we picked up.  I never really seen the movie, but the town of Radiator Springs from the Disney's Pixar movie "Cars" comes to life and made me felt like we just went through the whole movie in a short period of time.  Toward the end, you kind-of race another car across beautiful Ornament Valley with the other riders; our red car's rider end up winning.

There are more attractions to enjoy, but those are the memorable ones for us.  Not to mention, all the workers here are cheerful and helpful to even help find what you are looking for when looking lost.  Good and happy customer service as expected at Disneyland!

Disney always knocks it out of the park!  My daughter and I went there specifically to ride the race cars in Carsland. The whole Carsland area is so cute!  And the race cars was such an awesome ride!  We got to the park at 11 and went straight there only to see a 2 hour wait time. So we got a fastpast which the time at 8:20-9:20 PM time. Alittle disappointed but that's Disney for you. The wait was worth it though. Definitely don't leave the park without riding it!

I remember when Disney California first opened and I scoffed at the idea. Why would anyone in their right mind want to go to a Disney-fied California "adventure" when you could hop in your car and see the real California for yourself? I get that it's the Disney version of California, but as a native Southern Californian I'd rather go explore all of our cool neighborhoods instead of being spoon-fed what the Imagineers believe is the best of our state.

During my last visit to Disneyland (my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/disneyland-park-anaheim-7?hrid=6Ru1qX0dNqTLLOIKB01E4g
 ), I experienced DCA for the first time. Despite it being as true to the California experience as the Hollywood portrayals of California (in other words, it's not), I had a great time and was happy to visit the place. DCA is a fun addition to the main magic of Disneyland. I enjoyed Cars Land, The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, and the Aladdin Theater. I especially loved the Broadway-caliber show at the Aladdin Theater (which I believe has been changed to a Frozen-themed show).

There's plenty to see and do and in spite of my ambivalence toward the whole California-theme-park-in-California concept, I'd recommend adding the park to your trip to the Magic Kingdom.

Why is there a new DCA yelp post?! I lost the old one that I had typed. 
DCA to me is better than Disneyland in the sense that it's more for adults. They serve beer and cocktails throughout the park. The rides are ones that I can go on again and again. My favorites would be Tower and Toystory midway mania. 
Radiator Springs is ALWAYS packed but if you go single rider it's 10 times faster!

As for food I get here...Turkey leg, Ice cream at Clarabelle's and Paradise pier and Ghiradelli, Lobster nachos at cove bar (They expanded cove bar but the line is still extremely long even with all the extra seating). I've heard the Italian place past the pier is not bad but I haven't tried it yet. Ariel's Grotto is okay...I got a package for World of Color so the menu was pre fixe. 

World of Color is of course amazing. Go early to get the fast pass and get in line roughly an hour before they let people into the viewing area!

I enjoyed this park almost as much as Disneyland. If you're going for both parks, visit this one first. It's still a really incredible time. The Pixar rides are fun. Each land is worthwhile. 

Stay for the World of Color beats Disneyland's fireworks. Omg, it was amazing. Don't be afraid of the splash zone. It's more like mist, honestly.

This is not Disneyland--this is overflow Disneyland. But it is okay. Great shows--frozen was incredible. And frankly, the two best rides here just might be better than anything at Disneyland. Cars, the ride, is awesome. And soaring over whatever it is, the world, is unbelievable. It feels like you are flying, off into space. You have to experience soaring!  The rest of the park is perfectly fine, but it seems to lack a point of view. Is it overflow Disney? Is it the food and wine of Cali experience? Is it magic mountain south? Well, no. It has something to offer, but it is unclear what that is.

I like Disney's California Adventure just as much as Disneyland, if not a teensy bit more. 

It seems less crowded at California Adventure, for sure. They also put on a kick-@$$ parade. You can drink alcoholic beverages here, also. The whole vibe is a lot more grown-up than at Disneyland, but they also have lots of kids stuff, like Cars Land and A Bug's Life land. 

I definitely think it's worth it to visit, especially if you've never been!

Overcrowded! Better than Disneyland, to my surprise, mainly because the lines aren't as long, consider I went on a Sunday to CA Adventure versus Tuesday to Disneyland.  The park is smaller than Disneyland so it's much easier to browse.  Although the same price as the main Disneyland Park, the park is actually worth the money.  We went on a decent number of rides (the wait time is about 20-60 minutes).  The Frozen show is fabulous and highly recommended.  The World of Colors is a much better evening entertainment than the pathetic Electric Parade (and by the way, the Fantasmic show at the Disneyland was under refurbishment Feb 2017). Overall, this is a much funner and more manageable place to be with small children.

My biggest complaint here is really dining at Carthay Circle Restaurant.  I did not appreciate the long and dragging service, wasting 3 HOURS of my prime time sitting in the restaurant for lunch.

Thought I already reviewed this.....Ok here we go again.  The Disney for adults, DCA!!  Everything is so awesome at California Adventure though I personally think there are a lot more attractions at Disneyland, but still DCA is awesome just for the fact that they serve alcohol.  

I think its still a work of art as there are still stuff coming soon to the park but overall its incredible.  I love the ice cream shops and candy stores a lot more than Disneyland.  Its tough doing a comparison though since both parks are amazing in their own way.  The coolest thing is of course the Mickey Wheel which is a must in terms of photo taking when you're there.  Cove bar is one of my favorite too and there are still so much more for me to explore there.  Everytime I roll through with my friend, she tends to not want to explore as much as me so I end up coming to the usual spots.  

Overall its a nice alternative and change of pace from Disneyland.  Some of the lines are long while others are relatively short.  Its a cool spot to just hang for us adults that are still kool with Disney and everything.

I was completely in looveeee with this theme park! I honestly had more fun here than Disneyland. I love that they have lots of rides and things to see. When I was here I was able to take pictures with characters than I have ever before when I went to Disneyland. I loved CarsLand especially during the Christmas holidays:)
The staff are so friendly, the crowds weren't so crazy, and it is kept very clean. I also enjoyed the area where it looked like the SF pier!! And I was able to order a bread bowl at Boudins and get a Margarita! I rode most of the rides but can't wait  to go back again and do eveything else I might have missed. Parking was a little confusing but they offer shuttles to the park which is nice for both ways!!

We're here for a partial day and hitting up attractions that we've passed up in previous years and  revisiting old favorites. To qualify my three stars, CA Adventure is a wonderful amusement park with much to offer, but with the many attractions that were temporarily closed like CA Screamin' and Mickey's Fun Wheel you can't expect to charge me D-land prices and close major attractions.

Upon entering the park, we headed over to the Fastpass Kiosk for World of Color (check). Next is Radiator Springs. Uh oh. It's temporarily closed. Ok. How about The Little Mermaid? Uh oh. Also, temporarily closed. Let's head over to Toy Story Mania. Will it be closed? No. The wait time is an accurate 50 minute prediction. 

Prior to cueing up, we bought the must have Jumbo Turkey Leg ($10.49) and shared between 2 people and took 20 minutes to eat while standing in line. Shooting at TSM takes lots of energy and by the end of the ride, my right arm was tired. While my partner scored 138,300, I scored an acceptable 116,200. That's it? At the end of the ride the yearly score of 300,000+ is posted and the all-time high of 500,000+.

Although I've seen the CA Adventure Aladdin show on many occasions and was fortunate to see Aladdin on Broadway in NYC, I had to see the show one last time before it leaves in March 2016 and is replaced by Frozen. After the 45 minute show, I'd have to say the show is still magical and well done and I'm sad to say good-bye.

After a no wait ride of Mike &amp; Scully, it was off to Tower of Terror with Fastpasses. I feel sick. The downward force was fast enough to make my purse jump every time.

Because a friend recommended the Hot Link Corn Dog we headed over to Corn Dog Castle. Honestly, I won't be getting the corn dog again because the dough didn't seem all the way cooked and the oil isn't changed often enough. Oh, my tummy.

According to the Disney App, Radiator Springs (which was previously closed) showed open with a 150 minute wait! Just when I was going to write the attraction off, one person in my party suggested utilizing the singles line (like in skiing) which would mean a 20-25 minute wait. I can do that. While the first half of the ride seemed rather juvenile, the second half is a thrilling car race with tight turns and enough ups and downs which made me regret the hot link corn dog even more. Overall, a surprisingly exciting attraction.

Since we had some time to kill before the 10:15pm showing of World of Color, we walked around the pier, viewed D-land's fireworks show, and observed the many CLOSED attractions.

By the time WoC check-in arrived, the park crowd dwindled even more due to an earlier 9pm show called Winter Dreams. At this point, I wished I had the experience to know where to ideally view the WoC show, but instead was suckered into standing right in front and was totally soaked. It's a good thing the park closed at 11pm because I was cold, wet, and uncomfortable and more than ready to leave.

With the instability of the attractions, it's best to load the Disney App to make good use of time and enjoy the OPEN attractions.

Whenever I feel like just getting away for the day, I come here to DCA Park!  I inevitably spend most of my time here first or only come here.  This is my park of choice!!  True to Disney's attention to detail and layout, the park has different carefully decorated themed areas.

I love the range of attractions from thrillin' to chillin'.  Sometimes, I just want to relax, so I go to Soarin' Over California, Ariel's Undersea Adventure, Mike &amp; Sully to the Rescue, and the Animation Academy.  Other times I need the thrills of the Radiator Springs Racers, California Screamin' and the Hollywood Tower of Terror!  And then there times in between where I want to shoot the little laser guns in the Toy Story Mania ride.  It's fun to go to A Bugs Life where the theater is and go see what is being shown there.

In the afternoon/evening, there is a Pixar Parade which is really cool!  You will see friends from The Incredibles, Toy Story, Finding Nemo, A Bug's Life, &amp; Monsters University.  The Incredibles ride on what seems like hovercrafts. I love the bright costumes and the music!  It is lively and fun to watch!

Later on in the night, there is the World of Color, but I can't really comment on it because I haven't seen it yet.  I really must see it!

There is so much to see and do here!  If you want a small taste of California, come to this park!  Other than for the wait times for some of the rides, you can easily take in most all of the attractions here in a day.  Or, if you're like me, I just meander, people watch, and ride a few rides.  I have the liberty to enjoy it all in a leisurely manner since I have an Annual Pass, otherwise, I'd be running from place to place!

Not what it used to be. 50% of the rides are closed. Long lines. Games will continue closing after you have been in line for over 1 hour.  Very disappointed. My family doesn't want to return here. What a shame. It used to be our favorite park and we visited frequently.

1. Environment feel (awesome and relaxed) I feel that the vibe of CA adventure is more relaxed than Disneyland. It's got an old school, classy, swing ambience down the Main Street. A Santa Monica kind of peri feel around the ferris have wheel
2. Customer love (awesome) Disneyland knows what they are doing when it comes to showing their customers appreciation!! Friendly and outgoing people 
3. The rides and attractions  (amazing !) all great 
4. Would I come back; (yes) it is a magical experience and a relaxing and fun place to go!!

How amazing is this place. Often I prefer it over Disneyland, not sure why. Maybe because I find the lines to be a bit shorter and overall a bit less crowded, but I really enjoy this additional park which is great when you have an annual pass. The water ride is probably my favorite.

Disneyland's other side.

Though it's right next to Disneyland, they split it into two separate parks with two separate admission prices. Disneyland is Disneyland, but California Adventure - to me - was better. I went this past summer and am only getting to this now. 

I don't know what to possibly type that hasn't been already mentioned in the other reviews, but I'll try to get the basics out. Most of the rides actually have their own reviews, so there's no point in this space. All I can mention is, that if it's your first time here head to Cars Land first and go on the racers ride. That is the most popular and most crowded ride in California Adventure and the lines accumulate quickly. Even the Fast Pass lines are long. This was the one ride I missed (due to the crowds), but next time I'm here this will be first. The Hollywood Tower also gets crowded. 

California Adventure has a lot of Pixar related themes. Cars Land is a must see whether you're a fan of the movies or not (I'm not). It's well done and there's plenty to see and take pictures of. There are frequent Cars character meets for pictures at the Crazy Cone. Cars Land lit up at night is also a must see. My only complaint is that they have the DJ w/ Wings car come out frequently for some music and dancing, but don't actually sell it anywhere in either park or Downtown Disney. My son wanted it, but I had to order one from eBay. The Monsters Inc ride is a little outdated (no University), but still fun. The shrinking Bug's Life area is mainly geared for smaller children with it's rides. 

Whether it's food, drink, or merchandise, if you're familiar with Disney you know what to expect as far as prices go. Disney is generally pricey, so with that being said, there's plenty of eateries inside and a few gift shops. The Cone charges $5 for what's considered a small/medium lemonade. 

Mickey's Fun Wheel is prominently displayed on the "pier" and you should try the big wheel at least once, as it gives you a great view of the park. Make sure you check parade schedules as they crowd up real fast. 

There's plenty to see and do here. Some things are not as easy to find as others, so go through it all. 

Speaking of crowds, if you want less people look up the less busy times of the year. People generally ruin most experiences like this if you let them. That being said, lots of rudeness, smelly people, line cutters, rude foreigners, oblivious, selfish, clueless, zombie like people - and it's Disney and Southern California, so it's even more crowded than the standard park. Not the park's fault, but if you hate crowds you should probably go at a less busier time of the year to reduce the crowds. Though out of this park and actual Disneyland, it's the lesser crowded of the two overall. 

The staff is as pleasant as can be throughout the park. The ones under the costumes are great. The Anna and Elsa were excellent. Really have to commend all the staff - they are great here. 

So all in all worth that trip to Southern California. Adults may like this part of the park more than the actual Disneyland part. While you could probably fit both parks in during one long day during a non-busy time, I would recommend coming here on a separate day to fully enjoy all that this park has to offer - parades, World of Color, and all.

I absolutely love it here! It's a good break in between rides. My favorite part is getting to draw Disney Characters. There's a board outside of the Animation Studio with specific times for drawing characters. It's usually a quick 15 minute drawing session. You're given paper, pencil, and a board. There's a drawing instructor teaching you how to draw various Disney characters. I've drawn Olaf recently and he was actually very easy to draw. I like that they help you see how easy it is to replicate these characters! It's so much fun!

We have annual passes &amp; enjoy coming early to avoid long lines. It's beautiful here &amp; very clean.  We love the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, the big roller coaster, Cars ride &amp; the scenary.   There's plenty to eat but very expensive!  There's also a Starbucks inside &amp; yummy ice cream parlors.  We can't use our annual passes for discounts on any of the food trolleys or stands----you can only use passes to get a discount inside the sit down restaurants &amp; the shops!  Not nice!   We cover this park relatively quick &amp; wished there were more rides for bigger kids.  Also, I very much dislike the parking situation--the main parking lot gets full quick!

Fun for the whole family and get to have a few beers! Wish it wasn't so crowded but hey what can ya do, everyone wants a little Disney in their life!

Is it classic Disneyland? No. But! It is Disney and it's awesome! There aren't as many rides but, they have some good ones worth checking out. California Screamin is the best roller coaster between both parks and more adult friendly. Radiator Springs Raving in Cars Land is probably the best ride there. Worth every minute you have to wait and something you'll want to do multiple times. They do serve wine and beer in this park which is nice sometimes. Fun shops and good food also bring a nice touch to this park. Definitely worthy of your time.

Loved radiator springs! FastPass ran out at about midday so get in fast to avoid the 2 hour wait! 

Frozen at the Hyperdome was fantastic also!

World of Colour trumps everything at Disneyland and the Disney California adventure Park. Truly worth getting FastPass tickets for! I was gobsmacked at the 25 minute water/light spectacular! My favourite thing by far!

It has a different feel from Disneyland so if you have the time definitely do both! 

Crowded was my only issue! But overall loved my time here

Ariels Grotto is not what it used to be. My kids said to never take them back. Service bad, food awful, just not what it use to be.

My favorite park as it is never too crowded.

It's easy to get in and out of and all the buildings and rides are fully functional and operating not like Disneyland where two or three attractions are either under repost or out of service.

There are several restrooms which helps keep the lines short.

They have more rides geared towards adults!

This is more for adults comparing with the other park, again, waiting time is long, come during weekday and off seasons to expect less crowds.

First time here!

I never realized I could park hop from the shoulder to shower, over populated Disneyland.

Like Disneyland but much shorter lines and not as crowded. Now pardon me as I get o Tower of Terror!!

Disneyland is the most magical place on heart, it's where dreams come true. It's a great place to come for get away weekends. My favorite park is California Adventure. They have Cars Land, It's Tough to be a Bug, the Hollywood Tower of Terror ride, Soarin' Through California, and my favorite ride, California Screamin', and the best part to end the day is to watch the World of Color.

California Adventure is Disneyland's sister theme park, it sits directly across from Disneyland. Just on the other side of the Disney courtyard. 

California Adventure has areas based on old Hollywood, the Cars movie, A Bug's Life, San Fransisco, a boardwalk and an the great outdoors. 

There's plenty for toddlers, teens and adults to do. It's definitely Disney, but had a different vibe than Disneyland. It's a much slower and laid back vibe, but that may just be because it's not as crowded as Disneyland. 

This most recent trip was over Labor Day weekend for my wife to run the Disney Half Marathon. It was a perfect trip for one day, we did got some much done by getting there just before 9am and leaving about 8pm. 

Two tips, hit Toy Story Midway Mania when the park opens and get your
Fast pass for the Cars Racer ride early, don't wait.

Only complaint is how crowded it gets, so expect to wait in long lines! Seems like there is never an off-season. Other than that, the rides and the park itself are great! Always love going here!

Of course 5 stars! Disney definitely knows what they're doing here, this is the newer of the 2 parks, a little better for adults since they serve alcohol and have more rides adults would enjoy.   My favorite Disney ride is the Tower of Terror and I make sure to never miss this during my many visits to the park.   Things on the do not miss list: Tower of Terror, California Screamin, Toy Story Midway Mania ride, World of Color show, corn dogs from the corn dog castle and grabbing a beer at one of the kiosk or restaurants.  Don't forget to take advantage of your fast pass, and if you are trying to save time, go through the single riders line to cut wait times in half.  

For those who are nursing-they have quiet nursing rooms at this park.

For those who need booze-they serve alcohol at this park 

For those who like to sit an enjoy more upscale dining- check out Carthay Circle

For those who enjoy shows- make sure you make it to "World of Color"

We were fortunate to be here during food and wine week which included various tents of different types of foods and drinks.  Food. Booze. Disney.  Can't be mad at that!

Woohoo! As good as it gets!

5 stars.

Magical.

Happiness.

Smiles All Day.

California Adventure Park is so much fun to go. Obviously the Disneyland Park is way much better, but this park is just as good and should be a place you should check out.

First thing first is to reserve your fast pass for the World of Color water show. Why? You want to get a great view of the water show. Trust me it is a fantastic show to check out. Amazing how they use the water as a screen. The ferris wheel lights up as well and changes color throughout the night and show. The show was simply magical. 

Other rides to check out is the ferris wheel. C'mon there is giant Mickey Mouse head on the middle of the ferris wheel. Why wouldn't you go on it. 

The Monster Inc. ride was also cool as well. Basically going through the movie, but a different perspective. 

The Spring Racers at Cars Land is really cool. You are going against another car and you race to the finish line. The scenery of Cars Land is really amazing. It's just like the movie. 

Things to check out is the Character experience. They are spread out through out the park. The majority of the characters are at Buena Vista Street. Do check out at Olaf Snow Fest. Take a picture with Olaf, ride a snow sled, and play in the snow. It is a little chilly in there.  

Good show to watch is the Aladdin show. A small twist to the movie with little modern day jokes thrown in by Genie. He was hilarious. 

Really a great time and nothing but greatness at this park. Wait times weren't bad, it's the Spring Racers that took the longest. Come in happy and leave happy!!

The Disney's California Food and Wine Festival has been revived!  After a 5 year hiatus, Disney's Food &amp; Wine Festival returned to Disney California Adventure on April 1, 2016.

Park admission is required, and the event has pay and free versions of their seminars with experts in the culinary scene.  For a $149 VIP fee you can get up close to celebrity chefs and even take home a special gift.  https://disneyland.disney.go.com/dining/disney-california-adventure/food-and-wine-festival-celebrity-kitchen/ 

My friend invited me to join her to check out this long awaited event, and we came on the Saturday of opening weekend.

We arrived at 9:30 am only to find out the event didn't kick off until closer to noon.  We killed some time at the attractions, like Radiator Springs Racer, and came back to find everything open.  There were 6 food marketplace kiosks which were lined up from the Carthay Circle restaurant area all the way to the Pacific Wharf area.  The food are tastings went as high as $7.50, and they also had beer and wine pairings with various prices, depending if you are getting a glass or a flight (a sample of various brands).  

To make it easier to pay, it was suggested to transfer some money on a gift card, and the Food and Wine Festival had a small gift card which you wore on your wrist.  Annual passholders could buy a lanyard with 6 prepaid tabs for $45, but it was only for food not drinks.  While it sounded like a good offer, it really was cheaper to pay out of pocket.

The event was very similar to the Epcot's version, but not as organized.  I guess the cast members were still getting the kinks out of the opening weekend, and afterall, it has been 5 years since the last festival.  Some marketplace ran out of food and said it would be 1/2 hour until they could whipped up more.  The cauliflower and chili burrito was the one that eluded us twice, and we also heard the Shrimp and Crab cocktail was another one which disappeared quickly.

The portions were bite size tastings, and many complained it was a bit pricey.  I do agree $7 for 2 bites of food is excessive compared to their Floridian counterpart's festival.  DCA tried to provide shade and eating area, but overall it was just not enough room compared to Epcot, who is truly set up for such an event.

I had a good time, but overall a pricey event plus parking and admission. We left at 7:00 pm and I tallied up my receipts.  We didn't get to one of the marketplace, and we missed out on the cauliflower burrito and still spent $160 for the day.

What's not to love about California Adventure? It's less crowded than Disneyland, it has fun rides (although less rides) and it has the animation studio "museum", which I LOVE!
It's usually something you can do in a day, probably less if you don't doddle around. So if you're on a mission, you can definitely knock this out and hop over to spend some time at Disneyland.

I love you California Adventure, what I don't love is how Mad T Party is gone! I always have fun here.

Let's highlight some favorites: the rollercoaster is awesome, line is super long though have to get on that Fast Pass! I always end up on Mickeys Fun Wheel don't know why it happens but I like that Ferris wheel. Ice cream is a must at the little parlor near the bridge, so creamy and both vanilla &amp; chocolate are to die for. Beer days with my girlfriend are probably the best, I haven't done that in a few years though.
Margaritas two for one and frozen, can't go wrong! Not sure if the Karl Strauss bus is still there but that was nice too!

The Cali Food &amp; Wine Fest didn't look too appealing this month so I didn't try it. I did see little lines and people with little wine glasses relaxing though. 

But really Mad T Party... Something fun needs to come back ASAP! 

Anyway, I've come here for years and still haven't got to try the Cove Bar, lobster nachos and their drinks. I know I fail, but it gives me a lot to look forward to and I will def be having dates here in the summer with my BF! Another fail, still haven't witness World of Color. Yes, I suck at life but I promise you I will this year. Just bring me back the Bunny DJ and light up drinks?

Another plus, Cali Adventure use to seem way less packed than Disneyland itself but for my first visit this year it was a madhouse. I can blame Dapper/ Bats day I suppose. Hope it dies down on weekdays! 

Cali Adventure is perfect for adult fun and kids too! That's what's awesome about it. I can come here to bond with my little boy and take him to little live shows and rides or come with a friend/ BF to enjoy a little fun date. It's good for everything really!

Disneyland is iconic but for me, California Adventure is beginning to edge out Disneyland in terms of overall enjoyment.

The density of crowds and people is much less here.  You can actually walk around without having someone else breathe down your neck.  The walkways are wide and there's plenty of room to move.

Alcohol is served here.  I'm not much of a drinker, but if ya wanna grab a drink, you have that option.

Mad T Party is no longer in the backlot, but they still have the music, fog, sound equipment, stage, and DJ there.  You'll find plenty of people dancing up a storm.  
Fun times.

DCA has a Ghiradelli ice cream shop.  'Nuff said.

Love the fact there is plenty of tables on the wharf.  I've never had a problem finding a place to sit and eat.  I love not having to search for a table :)

I don't get why DCA is diluting its California theming.  Soarin' over California is now Soarin' Around the World.  The Hollywood Hotel (aka the Tower of Terror) will be replaced by some Guardians of the Galaxy contraption (Boo! Hiss!). 

Oh well.  I still love DCA.

This park is amazing as Disneyland! First there's alcohol here!  but besides that there's more thriller rides and they offer different food here too! I would definitely recommend seeing the World of Color although I do miss the original one way more..and also the Aladdin show before they leave for Broadway!! I love cars land. Only 2 rides but just the area it self is beautiful and amazing. I like visiting the art animation studio and the little boutiques. Be careful you're going to spend alot  

Favorite rides: Toy Story Mania, Tower of Terror, The Little Mermaid, Cars Radiator Springs

Favorite food/snacks: GO TO COVE BAR!!! Margaritas (a small stand in the food court area), clam chowder bowl, churros, mickey pretzel w/ cheese, ice cream and more churros!

Always clean and someone is always ready to help. We went to visit friend. Had a hard time being a "guest" and finding parking, plus it is always overpriced. I only go if need to not that I care for Disney.

I absolutely LOVE Disney California Adventure (DCA) Park! I never get too tired of coming back to this park with all of the fun rides and food. My boyfriend and I are HUGE Disneyland Disney World lovers, and still have not gotten tired of coming back to this park. If you are in SoCal and visiting from elsewhere, I highly recommend visiting the two parks while you're here if you're into fun rides and great food all around the two parks! There is parking available for all that have cars, but most of the hotels near Disneyland also offers shuttles which is pretty convenient. I HIGHLY recommend downloading the Disneyland app on your phones before coming here, because it'll have all of the wait times for the rides, maps, and restaurants with menus so you can research before or while you're waiting in line for something. The app also updates pretty quickly so you will see if a ride is shut down and what not as well. 

We decided that this most recent trip to Disney was a MUST as we heard that Tower of Terror was closing down to become a Guardians of the Galaxy ride in 2017. I was so sad to see that they had already started covering up some parts of the ride to prepare for the construction that it will need, but the ride was still the same and SUPER FUN! Disney World and Disneyland's Tower of Terror are slightly different, so it was nice to re ride this ride as we went to Disney World the past several years instead. I definitely hope the new ride will be as fun as this one! Fast Pass is available for this ride, but I'm not sure if it will be available for the new ride replacing Tower of Terror. 

My all time favorite has to be California Screamin'! This ride is only at DCA Park, but it is the most exhilarating and fun ride here! There are Fast Passes available also for this ride, but the lines go pretty quickly as there are several coasters that go per time. This is the FASTEST ride in the park and also does a 360 in a Mickey Mouse design, so I highly recommend riding this ride at least once or twice while you're here!

You can't go wrong with the Toy Story Mania game! For those of you who are super competitive, this is the ride to ride! This ride is a 3D ride that you play several games with your opponent! The ride is pretty fast in between the games that you play too which is a nice combination. However, this ride does not have any Fast Pass options and is super popular for all ages, so be prepared to wait in a long line. I suggest grabbing a bite to eat or a beer to wait in this line because it CAN get pretty long. There are turkey legs, chimichangas, popcorn, etc right where the ride is so it's pretty convenient to grab something quick. 

There are so many other rides that I can recommend from the Grizzly tire ride, Cars, and the new show that replaced Aladdin, Frozen! I also recommend going to Cars Land and grabbing a bite to eat at the Cone area, where they feature newer items such as chili in a cone and mac n cheese in a cone! Food and souvenirs of course will be pricy considering it is Disney Land, but you're also on vacation and so worth the experience!

Just too crowded and unmanaged . Not what it used to be earlier. We went on a normal Friday Saturday and for some rides which are attractions had to wait for 1+ hour. On top of it one ride broke down in front of us while we were waiting and led to total chaos . 
Regarding the frozen show we queued up 30 mins before but were turned away . That happened to be the last show of the day and we basically missed it.
 On giving the feedback to the guest relation they were least bothered. I would highly discourage anyone visiting because of the mad crowds. 
Spend ur 1000$ more wisely especially for returning visitors with family. I am definitely not coming back

Im not much of a CA Adventure fan especially for the price (cost us about $1k for 5 two day tix *not park hoppers). The winter break crowds killed me (never again) and the lines were crazy. CA Soaring was our first ride upon entry and that was 2 hours. Cars land racers was a 3 hr wait still by the time our fast passes got us in later in the evening. Even the fast pass line was long. Get fast passes for this ride asap because they ran out early. I was never willing to wait 2 or 3 hours for this during my 2 previous visits but was glad I finally got to ride it with a fast pass.
My plus for the day was getting to do one final check out with the Tower of Terror before they close it in a few days. Rode it in pitch black at night and it was amazing. Literally the best Disney ride. Sad to see it go but the final ride was bitter sweet.
Didn't stay for the late night water show. We were done with the crowds and not willing to fight them for seating.

I love California Adventure. It's different from Disneyland, but in a good way. It just has a very different feel to it. CA Adventure is usually less crowded than Disney which is also a plus.

There aren't as many rides at California Adventure compared to Disneyland, but there is still plenty to do. 

When you go to CA Adventure, you must go on the California Screamin' roller coaster. It is so much fun! If you're a huge roller coaster person, like myself, then this is the ride for you! The Tower of Terror is another thrilling ride that you need to go on as well! 

You can get fast passes here the same way that you can at Disneyland, so be sure to take advantage of that. 

The recent addition of Cars Land is super cool and the area that is themed from the movie, A Bug's Life, is good if you have young kids with you. 

You can also buy alcohol at CA Adventure, but you cannot at Disneyland. The Cove Bar has a full bar but the wait is always super long and they don't take reservations. Carthay Circle also has liquor, but that is often a long wait as well, even if you just want to get a drink at the bar. The Napa Rose restaurant serves wine and has a to go counter that you can get wine at as well and take it with you throughout the park. There is also a place that sells slushy margaritas. They are really good but don't seem to have much alcohol in them. 

There is a good selection of restaurants but they are very pricey. 

Lastly, make sure you check out the World of Color. It is truly one of the most amazing shows I've seen. You can get fast passes for it over by the Grizzly Rapids ride. 

CA Adventure is worth the extra money for a park hopper ticket. I always enjoy myself when I come here.

I'm sure some of you are going to disagree with my review but here it is.......mixed feelings, literally. I love the park and it's a cool place for anyone to spend the day off BUT after visiting this side of the park I realized that it's not the best decision. Let me explain why.....2 reasons: 1) You pay the same amount for the admission &amp; LESS rides compared to Disneyland. 2) they close the park 2 hours earlier compared to Disneyland. A big deal because they sell alcohol in this side?? Don't take me wrong....I also like to enjoy drinking but the side effect is that a lot of people don't know how to control it. They started acting stupid and being inappropriate with children present.....yes I know....you might say "but that happens everywhere" and I totally agree but come on.....it's a theme park and it's full of children. I have no kids but I saw lots of parents annoyed by that JUST SAYING. Also, most of the fast passes were closed :( so the waiting for the cool rides was between 45 minutes to a hour. Yes it's cool to have better choices when it comes to food. That's a plus in this side. The water of colors is AMAZING. The 1 hour show for FROZEN was incredible. It's worth to watch it. I enjoyed every single ride and even the ones for the little ones ^_^ Overall good experience... But I'll definitely go back to disney side. P.s. Don't forget to bring an extra set of clothes....if you do the river ride you're definitely getting WET. I know by experience :) ENJOY IT!!!

The grass is not greener on this side of the park but there are more adult rides that provide that adrenaline rush you're seeking. Smaller park but not as crowded. The World of Color show isn't worth standing around for.

California Adventure has just as many great rides for little ones as Disneyland does and has fewer lines, AND you can buy alcohol at the restaurants. Great place to visit for a day!

I have written a review about Disneyland, on how I am a 3 year annual pass holder.
California Adventure Park is a very fun park for older kids and adults. The rides inside this park seem a bit more intense, but there is a few rides here that kids can really enjoy. The car's land area &amp; bugs life year is filled with many kiddie rides. 

Tower of Terror is being replaced very soon, and I find it so upsetting because that is my favorite ride inside this park. To those who are thinking of visiting California Adventure, please consider this one before they replace it. There was also a show called, "Aladdin" (live play) where my boyfriend and I would watch it every time we would come and visit this park. But they have replaced it with Frozen. I have not watched it yet. I hope its just as good.  

Soarin', roller coasters, Tower of Terror, Car's land, Toy Story Mania, and Grizzly Bear are all very fun! Make sure to get fast passes for majority of these.
The Cove Bar is a very popular bar in this park. There is always a big line for this, and sometimes it is very hard to get in. So make sure you have enough time to enjoy this area. All the drinks in the menu are very pleasing to drink, and their finger foods are always bomb dot com. 

*Do not forget to try the mac &amp; cheese from the Car's Land area, its inside the orange little cone stands. * 

At night time, make sure to get a fast pass for the World of Color show! It is seriously mesmerizing, somehow emotional, and very beautiful. 

During the cold, I make sure to always grab their hot chocolate drink with some extra whip cream. Somehow, the way they make it taste so much better than any other place I have tried before. Also, during the summer, I would order a Grand Margarita, seriously...try it. 

In conclusion, California Adventure Park is more enjoyable for adults, than it does for kids.

Youtube video: https://youtu.be/1rT6KoNyDOI

I brought my 2 year old son about a month ago in October. It was his first time there and he loved it! They have more toddler rides at California adventure park than at Disneyland park. We got the hopper ticket so we were actually able to go to both. I made a video so you can see all the toddler friendly rides. Youtube video: https://youtu.be/1rT6KoNyDOI

My son has a channel on youtube called: Jordans Adventures and Toys 
in case you want to check out more reviews from Orange County CA

It's our family's favorite place to visit whenever we can. We recently visited end of January and we were lucky enough to be there when rain was in the forecast. It stopped raining after noon and we pretty much had the park all to ourselves. Came into the park about 4pm and it closed at 8pm. We were able to ride Soarin' and Radiator Springs twice each amidst the other rides we wanted to get to. They even had some Lunar New Year Celebrations that encompasses food from Korea, China, and Vietnam. Their "World of Color" even had a tribute message to the Lunar New Year. It is a really nice place to keep our family traditions going. Always look forward to returning. Such wonderful help and staff at Elias &amp; Company. Thank you also to Carol B. At Scream Cam. She was so nice!!

California adventure rocks, mickeys fun  wheel is my favorite it never disappoint, its sooo majical. The holiday parade they put out this year is amazing, great for the kids and all types of people who is into an adventure. 

The food is alittle pricey but theres plenty of other great options.make sure you get fast passes to avoid long lines.

 Other than that looking forward until next time i visit, definitely bringing more family members next time. the only down side is that the bus back to the parking structure took forever, i feel like they need more busses once a whole lot of people leave at once.

Disney California Adventures opened in February of 2001, such a long time ago! I still remember the first time I came here (March 2009). This park is quite small in comparison to Disneyland. But I remembered taking photos at the Bug's Life section and riding some of the kiddie rides here. I also remember riding Soaring California and a few other rides (which unfortunately either is no long here or has changed to another name/ ride). But the most memorable thing about California Adventures was the Aladdin musical (so glad my husband and I were both able to see it before the curtain was closed forever last month). 

Fast forward to 2016, February the 13th. My husband and I decided to take advantage of the special Southern California discount (https://disneyland.disney.go.com/offers-discounts/southern-california-tickets/). I initially thought California Adventures wouldn't be as enjoyable just because of the size of the park but I ended up really liking this theme park more than at Disneyland (where we went the next day). It wasn't too crowded on the Saturday we came, which meant that most of the rides did not have a long line (most, but not all... thank goodness for those fast pass tickets/ vouchers). It was nice to be able to ride nearly almost all of the rides in the park and still have time leftover to reride some of them and grab a bite to eat. That is just the beauty of having a smaller park. 

One new edition to the park that I really liked on this visit was seeing the World of Color. That was a pretty cool evening show and a great way to leave the park (save the best for last). It really was something magical and something that only Disney could create and win over tourists and locals alike. 

I also really liked the Cars Land (opened June 2012). I loved how route 66 with the shops and restaurants all mimic the movie. All of the little details and layout was just like the movie, truly beautifully created and done. After the park closed, my husband and I stayed around a bit and took some photos of Cars Land, which was nice to get without having to worry about people photo bombing you or walking into your photo by accident (or on purpose). 

This visit was truly enjoyable and can only expect that our next visit (many years from now) will only get better.

May family has so much fun here. Whether you just walk around and enjoy the ambiance and sidewalk entertainment or shop and dine at the many locations, we have fun here. Best of all, there is also a movie theater and free parking up to 3 hours. A great, close to home evening event place for the whole family or that special mon and dad date night.

I am a straight up Disney addict! We have an annual pass and whenever we can make it out here, we are there!

I found that the best time to go to the park is during the rain. Slap on that rain coat and get some rain boots because you will be loving those no existing lines!

Looking for a good filling snack! Head out to the food court and grab you one of them pretzels stuffed with cream cheese! It's so bomb!

Looking for princess lunch without the crazy crowds in Disneyland? Check out Ariels Grotto. You have a choice between the night show or princess lunch. If you have a little princess, you already know the deal!

Make sure you grab that fast pass if you want to be able to get a good spot for the nightly show.

You have a chase Visa or debit card, don't forget your free Disney 5 x 7! Make sure you show your ID or no freebie for you!

If you love Disney. You don't need to review to tell you how awesome it is! Go explore the park and have fun! Go with the flow holmes!

AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. This place is just five star in my book. I didn't grow up going to Disney. I'm from the Midwest and a trip to Disney was a luxury we just didn't get to do. So as an adult I went to Disneyland once and was hooked. Then a few year later I went to California adventure. OMG this place is awesome. The tour of terror scare the S$&amp;@; out of me. The little mermaid ride made me cry(only happy tears. Then the water show was overwhelming and reminded me of my family. I just love love love California adventure and will be back next year. Hopefully it won't change too much. I here that the Art Deco area will be changed and that tower of terror is being replace with defenders of the galaxy. I am sure as always Disney will make is magical. Even for an adult like me and it will get five stars from me again!

I love DCA! I have nothing bad to say about it. It's all the magic of Disney with a cool, California theme. I love that you can get wine, beer, and margaritas in the park. Who doesn't love alcohol?! I also love the Mad T Party at night with music and more alcohol! Haha. This park closes earlier but is less crowded and you can still meet all the characters. There's also lots of food options that are unique like Boudin's clam chowder in a bread bowl, lobster nachos from the Cove Bar, mac n cheese cones from the Cozy Cone motel, and ice cream sundaes from Ghirardelli. 

Favorites: Toy Story Midway Mania, California Screamin', Animation Academy, Turtle Talk with Crush, Tower of Terror, and World of Color.

Tip: Get your fast passes for Radiator Springs Racers and World of Color right when you enter the park! It'll be worth it!

I can't wait for Frozen to open at the Hyperion Theater this summer. I will be in that theater all the time!!

Some may think this park is pricey (about $100/pp for 1-day admission), but for all the entertainment you get in one day, it's completely worth it! Entertainment oozes out from every corner of this park. Though it's smaller than the Disneyland park, it still packs a plethora of fun for the whole family! I haven't visited this park in almost 10 years, but am thrilled to see so much has been added and fast passes are available here, too. They even have fast passes for the shows (fast pass distribution constraints don't apply to shows like they do for rides). Thankfully, we came on a day that didn't seem too busy, so the lines we waited in were all under 45 minutes or we were able to obtain a fast pass for. The last time we were here, they had "Aladdin" at Hyperion Theatre, but this time around, it was "Frozen". Sadly, my 6-year old daughter is not a fan of "Frozen", but the live show was excellent that the whole family enjoyed it. Cars Land was thrilling and it was so cool getting to see sights of what I'd encounter on Route 66. The Soarin' ride was so different from when I first rode it (when it was just California sites) and now it covers many landmarks from around the world: Swiss Alps, Paris, Fiji and more! The food here is your typical, overpriced theme park fare, so get ready to spend a fortune on mediocre food. If you get to stay until the end of the night, don't miss the water and lights show; it's an exquisite show that will knock your socks off. Even if you have seen the Bellagion (in Las Vegas) water-light show, this is definitely better. It doesn't matter where you stand around Paradise Pier, you will get a superb view of the show. If you're lucky, you will get to see fireworks coming from Disneyland, too. It might be awhile until I get to come back here, so I love the memories that me and my family made here that I will forever cherish! Thank you Walt Disney for your vision and it's always an honor getting to visit the happiest place on earth!

We went in the evening and honestly, it was the first time we really had fun here.  Paradise Pier is the best place to have the most fun, but then there's the Hollywood Tower, which in my opinion is the best ride ever.  
I think we're going to have a soft spot for this park because we were able to do so much in just a few hours.  
The service here is naturally just as top notch as Disneyland.

Disney struck a perfect balance for kids and adults with California Adventure by providing quality entertainment for both. The park is divided into themes and they do a wonderful job of decorating and displaying the wonderful detail of each. The rides such as Tower of terror,  California screaming, and Radiator Springs Racer, are extremely fun and the wait times are from my experience consistently less than what they project. Interestingly, one of the less crowded areas of the park is Paradise Pier. It offers a fun change of pace from the rest of the park. It's similar to a carnival or fair experience with its Ferris wheel and familiar carnival rides. The crowd is standard and not overwhelming and quite easy to navigate. Above all else the customer service is topnotch as every cast member that we spoke to was very knowledgeable and friendly.

This review is for their Lunar New Year celebration. Nice entertainment but the food was a bad experience...one of three booths closed, other booth out of items, all overpriced and no place to sit and eat it. Don't come to DCA if what you are coming for is the food anyway.

This is where magic happens in real life. I can't believe for the only 3 times I have been to Disneyland, I came to this place instead. (First 2 times, I thought it was Disneyland). The name perfectly fits for what it is: An adventure park. There are adventures for everyone, going through safari and get wet in Grizzly Peak, Scream your lungs out at Paradise Pier, Enjoy the thrill in Hollywood Land, Recap your childhood at a Bug's land, Experience the midwest in Carland. Everywhere you go, magic happens for everyone. Even at the age of 24, I still enjoy this place like it's my first time in Disney. That is the Disney magic.

If you are looking for that Classic Disney park nostalgia, than go right across the way to Disneyland. If you are looking for a date night out, a park where you can stroll with a beer, or just a more "adult" experience at a theme park, I would say this is your preference.

I've been an annual pass holder for years and over time, I've found my husband and I frequent this park much more than Disneyland. We find the food selections better, the atmosphere more conducive to us, it's easier to walk around with bigger pathways, and we can relax with a drink. With the addition of cars land, it's also becoming a park with truly beautiful theming. 

Highlights of the park for us: rides- soarin, screamin, toy story, tower and radiator springs racers. Food - cozy cones (chili con queso for the win), alfresco terrace (upstairs from wine country trattoria that is usually empty and great place to grab a glass of wine), cove bar and carthay circle if you are feeling fancy (I find the food better there than blue bayou).

I start liking this park more even though I still think that Disney should adjust the price due to the size of this park. The park is much smaller than the main park, but it has a lot of great additions and less crowded than the regular park. It's a great day for us because all of the rides are less than 20 mins wait; we were able to get on 9 rides in total. And still had time to walk around and chill for a little bits. We didn't make to the frozen show even though we got there an hour earlier because of our little girl was napping in the stroller and we didn't want to wake her and held her the whole time standing in line. I would wish that Disney will have an area for the parents with strollers to wait. Because for a little kids to wait in line for an hour is truly a pain to the parents and the kids. 

We rode on the train at bugs life, the flying containers at bugs life, the truck and car at cars land, little mermaid ride twice monster inc ride, the toy story ride, the merry go round, and the big Mickey giant wheel. We love all of the rides and again not like Ridiculous 50 mins or longer wait for rides like what we did at the main park. We ended our day by watching the world of colors show; it was absolutely amazing show. Even though we have been to this park a multiple times, we always focus on the main park; and often forgot to try many rides here. This time we only spent the whole day here and we got to enjoy all the rides and show; it truly made my little kid's day.

So we came here for the first time in 10 years.  Now we have a son who is 2 years old.  As far as watching Disney movies he loves monsters inc, cars, and anything Pooh.  We tried to get him to watch bugs life but he didn't care for it.  
We went on a Thursday, then the next day we did the Disney Halloween parade at DL.
First we did monsters inc, no line at all.  It was cute and cheesy just like the Pooh ride at DL and my son loved it.  Next we went to bugs land and went on all of the rides there.  Son loved them all.  
Cars land was next. We saw Lightning as soon as we got there along with Red and Mator.  My son was star struck. All of the rides were good that he could go on.  Sadly the best one he couldn't go on the best one because he is only 36" tall. From there our son was exhausted and took a nap so mommy and daddy went to the cove bar for a few drinks and a app.  Apparently they have a secret menu which are all versions of long islands.  We found out about this the day after and good thing.  It was hot, so hot and drunk don't mix well. 
When our son woke up we went back to bugs life for the splash pad.  You must have shoes at the splash pad.  I brought our sons water clothes and water shoes just for this.  He was there for an hour then we went the redwood creek challenge trail, with his wet cloths on.  Chip and Dale were there saying hi and taking pictures with everyone.  This trail has something for kids of all ages.  Our son had a blast and we were there for about an hour.  lol
From there we did the zephyr which was a fun ride.  
The Ferris wheel is so cool, we got the sliding car.  It was nice because it was over 90 out and we got a nice breeze up there.  
Sadly we didn't do any shows.  My son just doesn't sit well for any show so we didn't do them.  But will next time.
We did all rides twice and I also did tower of terror before it closes, because I love that ride!!
We got there at 9am and left by 4pm we were exhausted and we both wore new sneakers that gave us blisters. 
Went to DTD for dinner then walked to our hotel.  
Wish we saw the world of color but couldn't get the energy to come back.

First time there and we thought it was great.

Our favorite was the 3-D "A bugs life" show.  It was sort of scary though.  Not sure how little kids can handle it.  I had to take my 3-D glasses off several times and almost had to step outside I was so overwhelmed (scared).  I do want to see it again, now that I know what to expect.  I think I will enjoy it even more the second time around.

There were lots of rides and kids loved them all.

CA Adventure is different than Disneyland in that it is not as 'intense'.  Lines are not as long, and rides are not as 'grand'.  Although its great for little kids I thought it was also better for adults. I would be more likely to go back just to CA Adventure and pass on Disneyland, because its more layed back. 

I recommend it to everyone.  Its impressive on so many levels.  The creativity, quality, and attention to detail is just so well done.  A+++

REVIEW #600!!

Okay, DCA isn't perfect and has gone through its fair share of changes, most for the better. And I admit, it does not have the history and nostalgia of Walt's original theme park. However, I have enjoyed the park solely by itself without park hopping to Disneyland plenty of times and with the recent additions and theme changes, there are things to keep you immersed day and night.

Obvious not to miss things for the masses: Radiator Springs Racers (aka the Cars Land ride), Toy Story Midway Mania, Tower of Terror, Soarin' (unless you get massive motion sickness), Aladdin when it was still performing at the Hyperion Theater, World of Color (experience at least once, even if you hate all the blatant Frozen bias in the show), and Mad T Party (while it's still around until end of March; great theme, entertainment, and vibe).

My personal favorites, other than the above: Animation Building (to enjoy the various clips and music from the movies -- very soothing), Silly Symphony Swings, Mickey's Fun Wheel (for the view and breeze), Red Car Trolley, Five &amp; Dime, Goofy's Instant Concert...Just Add Water (mini World of Color show during the day with Goofy!), picking up a newspaper off of Buena Vista Street (they change every quarter or so), and getting a picture on Buena Vista Street with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit or any of the Fab 5 (+ Chip and Dale) in their dapper 1920s outfits!

Delicious eats: Carthay Circle (cheesy jalapeño biscuits), Flo's V8 Cafe (breakfast with a view overlooking Cadillac Range and the racing cars), Pacific Wharf (clam chowder bread bowl), and Cove Bar (lobster nachos).

Other good to knows: DCA usually opens later and closes earlier than its older sister; DCA is usually less crowded as well; DCA is the only place to meet Russell and Dug from Up! and practically any Pixar character and now, Frozen characters Olaf, Elsa, and Anna; and the only place (so far, we'll see after Star Wars Land opens) in the Disney parks in CA to sell alchy (I don't count Club 33 as its not available for us plebes).

I CAN'T BELIEVE IT HAS TAKEN ME THISSSSSSSS LONG TO ENJOY CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE! 

I've had 3 annual passes and I've only been to California Adventure ONCE! I went around Christmastime with my boyfriend and I loved it. Rode the Tower of Terror and had no ideaaaa lol it was fun, the Scream Machine (is that what it's called??), and a couple more rides and it was really fun. We also watched the World of Color. Cute!

Something kind of weird -- they have like a Little Mexico inside. Waaait, what?

I went to California Adventure with a friend and our husbands.  This was extremely fun.  Walking through the vineyard and wine tasting, to riding crazy roller coasters.  They serve beers, margaritas, etc...I just don't know how folks can ride drunk.  Lol. I'd get sick.  The Hollywood Tower Hotel was my favorite.  You ride an elevator through the Twilight Zone and then drop a few times.  Had a blast!

Ok what is going on this is gonna be the third time I'm writing a review for DCA what happened to all the old reviews of DCA this is not cool OK got my rant out now on to the review. So I remember coming here when it first opened back in 2001 I have to admit back then there wasn't much here California Screaming and Soaring were the top rides, grizzly run was cool on them hot summer days and Mulholland Madness which was replaced with Goofy's Sky School in 2011 kinda the same ride lol. Of course the Mickey wheel was also present at the opening. There was also a not so popular goofy ride call Superstar Limo which lasted about a year then replaced by Monsters Inc. As the years gone more stuff came along Bugs Land, Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, Toy Story Mania, Carsland, Little Mermaid and more. When they opened Disneyland brought back the Main Street Electrical Parade that ran for a couple years. The food places were more top notched compared to Disneyland. They also had a winery where the adults could relax and sample wines and drink wines and dine. Overall DCA at the time seemed geared towards the older crowd vs the kids since there wasn't as much kiddy rides like Disneyland Fantasyland. I love DCA wish they would close the same hours as Disneyland I think crowd wise would be a little better.

I've been to this park a few times now, and I still get excited for.... 

THE TURKEY LEG 

Pros:
- Not as crowded as Disneyland
- World of Color is held here at Paradise Pier. Definitely 28 mins of fun and color under the evening sky.
- Turkey Leg!!! And other fun Disney-themed snacks
- They serve Starbucks here
- the Animation Studio is amazing. It lets my inner artist run free
- Tower of Terror, California Screamin, Grizzly River Run, and my favorite rides, Mickey's Fun Wheel. Definitely get fast passes to these rides to avoid long lines.
- Definitely offers the same amount of rides and mechanise as Disneyland does (I got my Minnie Ears here and such)
- You can find some of the Disney characters here and take pictures with them!
- This place is made to look more like California, which is pretty neat-o!
- Mad Tea Party is a blast for anyone 21+
- BEAUTIFULLY DECORATED DURING THE HOLIDAYS 

- Cons:
- Like Disneyland, you better come extremely early to avoid all the lines.
- But if you don't come early enough... expect really long lines.
- Workers are a hit or miss, but it's expected when you're working at a fast-paced, overcrowded amusement park.
- Expect everything to be expensive... like.. $4 for a bottle of water.
- Doesn't have areas to eat like how Disneyland does. Expect to find more food along Paradise Pier.
- Price for admission, will always be expensive. So make the most of your visit here.

It's pretty hard comparing two parks when they're pretty much the same. Word of advice: wear comfortable walking shoes. You will be standing in line for a while for most of the rides.

My 100th review goes to California Adventure and just in time for my first Elite Status! Thank you for the person who nominated me (Raise your hand!) and my Yelp Elite friends! You know who you are. 

DCA never seize to amaze me.  It literally has a combination of all my top rides and enjoying a beer/wine at the same time.  

The first thing I would do would get a fast pass to Radiator Spring Racer since that ride will go quick or do a single ride depending on who I go with.

I would usually use the app Mouse Wait Disneyland, check out which lines are the longest, wait for another two hours and get my next fast pass for my favorite rides. 

Top Rides I enjoy at DCA:
Tower of Terror - Elevator ride that literally bounce you up and down like a yoyo about 3 times and makes me you giggle the whole time. Don't be afraid, you will be okay. As I told my sister who fell in love with the ride.

Screaming California - A fun roller coaster.  Literally, you will scream because it's that much fun!

Radiator Spring Racer - Cars racing on a track - Review is separate. 

Toy Story - I love this game! It's a interactive game where you shoot at balloons and plates. 

Last but not least, Grizzly River Run, a rapid water ride is awesome on a hot day! I get drenched every time. 

Top Attractions: 
The new 60th anniversary Water of Color, you will need a fast past for this show.  It's amazing with the history of Disneyland and showing of present movies and characters. 

Meet Anna and Elsa: You need a fast pass for this but I highly recommend for a princess who wants to meet the sisters. 

Animation Academy: A great time drawing Mickey.  Great for the animators in your family.

Top Places to Grub:
Lucky Fortune Cookery: Best Thai Dish with Rice.  I usually order a meat with the Curry Sauce and rice. 

Carthay Circle is amazing and must try. You will have to make reservations in advance.  Review is separate. 

Cozy Cone Motel: Has the best Corn Cone with Chili, really good when your standing in a long line. 

There's a stand across from Mater's Junkyard Jamboree that has mangos with chili and lime, oh so good when it's hot out! 

Ghiraradelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate: This place is really good for their ice cream and chocolate, it does remind me of the one they have in SF.

My least favorite ride: Soaring Over California, I get motion sickness on this for some odd reason.  

These are so far my favorites. Hope this helps! :)

I love California Adventures! California Adventures is the next best thing after Disneyland. Having been an annual passholder for 10+ years, visiting both parks never gets old. 
My favorite rides are Soaring California, Toy Story Mania, The Little Mermaid, Grizzly Bear Run and Tower of Terror.
Though the park rides are targeted more torwards adults and teenagers, there are plenty of rides for children especially in Carsland.

There is also the World of Color and Aladdin show which is great for any age. Take advantage of the fastpass to get your place in the highly popular shows.

So many places so eat such as character dining, casual dining or fast food dining, you'll never be limited to choices.

It might cost you an arm and leg for a day at the park but it's well worth it.

Went on The Little Mermaid ride and our shell wasn't swiveling, so we missed even watching what went on the ride. On top of that I was holding my baby and it tilted sideways and I had to hold him extra tight to not fall off. It was ridiculous. All staff offered was for us to go again. No thanks.

Can't believe I had never been to this location until a few days ago. It doesn't quite have the same magic as Disneyland, but despite me saying that, it still has a ton of heart!

It's not as big as Disneyland and the crowds are smaller, but there are still plenty of attractions that will make you scream in fear and enjoyment all rolled into one. It's about a 100 bucks to get in, so expect to have your thinned out if you're bringing the family along as everything inside costs a pretty penny as well. 

Still, I had a blast and would go again in a few years if pushed along. It's part of the world of Disney and they even have Japan's favorite, Duffy the bear merchandise!

It's the alcohol-rich, smaller and newer version of Disneyland. Love it! :D

The rides are pretty intense like Screamin' California and Hollywood Tower of Terror. The Toy Story one is way more interactive and the Boardwalk games were my faves.

Theme park food is always delicious such as clam chowder in a bread bowl (okay, not typical at a theme park), frozen banana dipped in chocolate sprinkled with nuts, beer, turkey legs, etc LOL.

Best to bring a light jacket for the chilly evenings and REMEMBER WHERE YOU PARKED because it took my friends and I about an hour wandering/running through the parking lots searching for my friend's car ;( lol oh whatevs, it was a blast!

Update:  (Review only useful for people with kids 3 and under)

I went to the park for the 3rd time today (2.5 hours) and had a great time!  The kids love the swinging Ferris Wheel.  It makes me motion sick, but the kids were laughing their little heads off.  My favorite ride is the Little Mermaid ride.  There was no wait today, and we went on twice in a row.  The songs and the animatronics are fantastic.  The sea creature carousal was a favorite.  The kids wanted to go on 3 times.  (No wait)  My son's favorite ride was the spinning rocket ship looking thing that takes you up in the air and spins circles.  Sorry, I don't know it's name.  (It is located next to the jelly fish ride)  The kids went on twice till I got too dizzy to ride again.  We spend almost an hour climbing nets, sliding down slides, hopping across bridges, etc in the Wilderness Park.  This is the perfect place to let the kids burn off their energy before the long ride home.  

Old Review:
So far we have visited Disney CA Adventure twice with our Annual Passports.  What is not to love?  We can only go on rides that allow someone 38" to ride, so I have yet to do the grown up fun rides.  We also have not seen any shows yet.  I will update my review after we fully experience this park.

My son loves the rocket ship ride, lady bug ride, the choo choo train that goes through food items, Little Mermaid ride (very short wait), carousal (no wait), the ferris wheel.... Basically every single ride that he is allowed to go on.  The wilderness area is so much fun.  You climb up nets to bridges and slides.  My son was so happy.

This park does NOT have ample drinking fountains to fill up your water bottles.  Also, they confiscated 2 of my expensive Life Factory water bottles on the way into the park.  Do NOT bring these to Disney.

MUST RIDE: 
- Soarin Over California 5/5: Do single rider! So beautiful and inspiring
- Cars 5/5: Do single rider! I liked this ride better at night
- Midway Mania 5/5
- World of Color 4/5: I would watch the fireworks if I had to choose. I don't like the new show as much as the old one. The fireballs were surprising and pretty cool though. Warning: If your fast pass is yellow, pack a poncho. 

IF YOU HAVE TIME: 
- Silly Symphony Swings 4/5: This ride made me nauseous but I had fun. 
- Goofy's Sky School 4/5: Pretty fun for a kiddie ride. 
- The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror 4/5: Scarier than I was expecting.
- Animation Academy and Sorcerer's Workshop 4/5
- Heimlick's Chew Chew Train 4/5: Heimlick makes me laugh :) 
- Ariel's Undersea Adventure 3/5
- Mike and Sully to the Rescue 3/5
- Grizzly River Run 3/5

SKIP: 
- Golden Zephyr 2/5: I most likely won't ride this again. It's slow in comparison to Silly Symphony Swings next door.

If you've never been to Disneyland Resort, I would probably suggest Disneyland Park first (more iconic things are there), but definitely don't write off Disney California Adventure! DCA has more thrills than DL and is much easier to get around by virtue of it being smaller.

How to make your time at DCA slightly less painful:

* Always keep track of your entrance ticket and Fastpass(es). If you lose the ticket, it's a hassle to get another one printed. If you lose the Fastpass...tough luck.

* Unless you are there literally right when the park opens, the VERY FIRST THING you need to do is pull a Fastpass for Radiator Springs (the kiosk is near the Bug's Life theater in a bug's land - not in Cars Land, where the ride is) - it is by far the busiest ride at DCA. We entered the park at ~10am and were instructed to return at 7:10pm; when we came for the ride, the standby line was 150 minutes. 2.5 hours, folks.

* In addition to Radiator Springs, the other attractions that have Fastpasses (generally it means it's gonna get real busy later on in the day):
- California Screamin' (Paradise Pier: roller coaster with drops and a loop-de-loop)
- Goofy's Sky School (Paradise Pier: roller coaster that lurches a lot)
- Soarin' Over California (Grizzly Peak: virtual tour complete with wind breeze)
- Grizzly River Run (Grizzly Peak: water raft ride - not so busy when cold, very busy when hot)

* You can pull another Fastpass after 2 hours or at the time when you can queue for your Fastpass ride, whichever comes first

* There is no Fastpass for Toy Story Mania (Paradise Pier), and it's one of the busiest attractions - best to wait in line for this one right after the park opens

* World of Color has a Fastpass, but you can pull that whenever - there's no restriction on when you can pull it (you don't HAVE to, but it's nice to get a good spot)

* If you just want to sit somewhere without exiting the park, Flo's Diner (Cars Land) has a ton of seating. Obviously I recommend ordering something to eat, but you do you

* You're at a Disney park - expect long waits, so you might want to consider bringing something to do in line. Heads Up (the app), a book...

You're at one half of the happiest place on earth - make the most of it!

We went for the first time for my son's 4th birthday and he loved it! His favorite was the Toy Story Shooting ride!  I haven't been for so long and coming back as a grown up, I enjoyed the experience too (but I've forgotten how long the line was, wow!). Thank you Disney for making my son feel so extra special!

Now that I am a season pass holder, I can finally write my long awaited review on Disney California Adventure. And I had to save it for my 500th review!

I prefer this park a bit more than Disneyland. To me, this seems to be the more adult version, as it is that Disneyland has the bigger crowds and more rides. I cant say(at this time) that I have been on every single ride here. Just to name a few of the rides they have here- California Screaming, Hollywood Tower of Terror, Grizzly River Run, Ariel's Under the Sea, Radiator Springs Racers, Soarin' over California(my favorite ride in the park) and much more. Some of the attractions they also have here are Its a Bug's Life, The Hyperion Theatre where the Aladdin play takes place, Cars Land, Paradise Pier, and much more. The pier is a great place to grab a bite to eat and also a beer. Yes they do have beer at this park, which you are free to walk around with! 

Some of the places to eat here are Carthay Circle, Corn Dog Castle, Pacific Wharf Café, Starbucks, and a bunch of other eateries that are all around. Usually the crowds here are not as packed as they are in Disneyland. It is a bit smaller but packed with so much fun. You can also check out the Ghirardelli Chocolate and Ice Cream shop, as well as the bread factory right next door. 

You can grab fast passes for some of the most popular rides here. Note that season pass holders can get fast passes. It is a tradition for myself to grab fast passes for Soarin' over California every time I am here. When night time falls, you can catch the World of Color show, which always draws a big crowd. If you are standing right by the lake, you will be guaranteed a spray of the water! 

Prices will more than likely be going up more with each year that passes. From the pier to the boardwalk to Cars Land to Starbucks to much more, there isn't anything you wont want to pass up on here. If you want all around fun without having to deal with the big crowds and wanting to get your drink on, Disney California Adventure is your go to spot! 

Don't believe me? Check it out for yourself and tell me otherwise!

When Disneyland is overcrowded as it usually is, Disney California Adventure often has a little more room to roam around.  (that comment alone will now probably crowd the park next time I come around).  

Not only is Disney California Adventure Park fun for their rides, shows and attractions, they have some of the best food and alcohol to be found.

Did I say food?  Yes, well, food is definitely one of the main reasons I come here.  

Ghirardelli for instance has one of the best chocolate chip cookies in the world.  

Lucky Fortune Cookery has an amazing coconut rice.  

Cathay Circle has an almost 5 star dining experience (napkin placed on your lap included) with amazing view of the fireworks while dining and a $10 whiskey flight.  

Not to mention wine tasting and good food at Wine Country Trattoria, or drinks and lobster nachos at Cove Bar while watching World of Color.

While food might be a reason for going to Disney California Adventure Park, there is tons of adventure to be discovered and good times to be had.  Rides, shows, parades, activities, and more; it's all part of the happiest place on earth.

I like to watch the Red Car Trolley News Boys. They are right outside and close to you. Mickey is fun to watch and the performers are great too.
Frozen to me is too long.

Pros:
(1) Alcohol is served here;
(2) Disney - need I say more:

Cons:
Phssst - like I would have any problems with this park.  It's freakin' Disney!

My favorite spot with the kids is Redwood Creek Challenge Trail. Where can an adult go to be a kid again and go through the trails with them.

We have annual passes so we're here often. I almost always have great experiences. The 2 that stand out to me most are:

1. during annual passholder month (which I had no idea about) the cashier (I forget her name but she was soooo helpful and informative) told me all about it and what cool and fun things we get to do since we're passholders. She was working in the store by the entrance next to the guys store.

2. On Wednesday, 3/16/16 We entered Soarin over California (first time riding this) and I have a disability. So I went to ask a cast member how to enter the ride. I was greeted by Caitlin (might have mispelled) and he was so helpful. I explained my disability to her and she informed me to go to Chamber of Commerce to get put on DAS system. She then said (because of my disability) she would let us get in line for the ride since we were already there. It was such a nice gesture and so helpful! Thank you!!

 BAD experience:

1. On 3/16/16 we went to go ride Silly Symphony Swings and the lady yelled at me and said STOP! I need to measure your daughter (who had been riding 40" rides all day) I told her that and she said I don't care. So My daughter stood and she was kind of tired so she wasn't standing straight all the way but clearly if she did stand straight she would have been at the 40" mark and the lady said too bad can't ride. She made my daughter cry because she had been asking to ride it all day (she's gone on this ride before) It was so frustrating and annoying! And put a damper in our day/night. I tried looking for her to get her name but as soon as I handed my daughter back to my mom she was gone. She was thin with dark brown hair. Very rude &amp;  mean.

I would give this review a 1 because of my bad experience but thankfully I have had more good than bad. Unfortunately the bad ones stick out more.

Not as crowded today except beside going thru check point now you have to go thru a metal detector. First ride Hollywood tower of terror

Pixar Toy Story Midway Mania and Radiator Springs Racers are the two best rides in either Disneyland or California Adventure.  If you had to choose one (assuming you've been to both before), pick California Adventure!!

The name Disney says it all.  Clean, fun, happy and great for special occasions.  The good is great. Reservations are always recommended, however, walk in's are always accepted.  The the chicken dinner on Main Street., the walk across Main Street for a great ice cream treat.  Pop a squat on my He side walk and enjoy all the people walking. By then the parade or Disney light show. You will live this iconic destination!

Long Lines....hahahah! But fun. Not such great customer service. Went with over 40 family members and spent over $5K. Should had gone somewhere else...

If you forgot your external phone chargers, this is where we charge our phones:

1) If you have little ones, you can go into their Baby Care center. Inside, they have an eating area for the kids and it has an outlet for you to charge your phone. 

2) Right outside of the Baby Care center is an outlet against the wall. There are some tables and chairs nearby so you could eat/chill while charging. 

3) Around the corner, across from the Ghiradelli entrance, in a wall, there is an outlet there too. 

4) There are outlets near the bathroom next to the Drawing Studio in Hollywood land. 

I'm sure there is more, but that is where we typically go. 


------------------

NYE is MUCH less busy on the CA adventure side than the Disneyland side. Sure, it's not as great as looking at the fireworks/countdown with the castle but hey it's pretty to me! 

Hubby loves it for the IPA in their food "court". 

Speaking of food court, I love the tamales in their Cantina! I always go to that one! 

The new Frozen show is amazing! Visual effects are spectacular. 

The new Danza ride that replaced the tire one is 81749216 times better! Lol I thought it was gonna be cheesy but it's actually cute and fun! 

I wish they'd update the bug's life area or expand to include other awesome Pixar movies. Pixar land or something! Oooh imagine an Inside Out where we travel in Riley's brain? Or an Up balloon ride? Or something!

Our group of four adults and three kids, ages 6-8, preferred California Adventure to Disneyland. We found it to be less crowded, so we were able to get on more rides. And the choices of rides appealed more to the group's taste.

Make sure to check out their live action show, it was Frozen when we went and it was amazing. You would pay for a show of this caliber at a theater at home.

Also be sure to check out Soaring. Amazing!

Our annual passes expired soooo weve been in line FOR ONE HOUR waiting to buy tickets...., this is crazy
So disappointed i guess we wont buy season passes since im tired of waiting now.....

OKAY CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE, YOU'VE FINALLY WON ME OVER.
The first time I came here was when they had just opened up, and then again when I was in middle school, and then again in high school. It's been awhile since I came back, but I haven't been back since they redid the park into "Old Walt Disney" (aka I was still here when they had the Muppets theatre visit and also when they had the outdoor rides like the Maliboomer-- it's been awhile lol) theme. I was surprised to find that they've readjusted the themes and they've done it well. This park is definitely catered to an older crowd-- though kids can have a blast riding junior rides at A Bugs Land. (This is also where the FPs for Radiator Springs is-- so if there's a HUGE line in front of A Bugs Land, it's because of the fastpass machine, which tends to run out by 9:30-10 AM!!!) 

Cars Land, being the land that was most recently done, is done very well. It really feels like you're in small town USA, and there were some really fun additions. You could probably get away with a good half a day here, especially during the World of Color-- it'd be easy to sneak into the line for Radiator Springs, since everyone and their mother will be watching WoC. The nicest thing about DCA is that they serve ALCOHOL HERE!!!! I'm surprised everyone tends to stay so tame when they serve alcohol here (and good alcohol too.) They also have better food here at DCA than they do at Disneyland (personal opinion-- see my review for Carthay Circle Restaurant, one of the best restaurants on Disney resort territory) and all in all, it's a nice, smaller experience if you're too tired to roam around Disneyland. 

By far my favourite rides are 1) Radiator Springs (see separate review), 2) Hollywood Tower of Terror (still makes me wanna crap my pants everytime I go,) 3) Grizzly River Run and 4) Toy Story Mania. You'd be hard pressed to go to Disneyland and not visit DCA the next day-- totally worth it! Careful attention was also spent theming this park, which has a cute nod to California state parks (as an outdoorsy person, my boyfriend enjoyed this shoutout.) A+ DCA, you win.

I'm not a fan of change but the refurbishments to this park have made it better. 

The last time we visited, Cars land was not finished so it was nice to be able to check that out. Radiator Springs looks identical to the movie. The rides however seem a bit rushed. Mater's Junkyard Jamboree is nothing more than a slowed down version of the scrambler from every fair you've ever been to and the newest ride that took over the flying saucer type bumper cars  (Luigi's Flying Tires) is now Luigi's Rollickin' Roadsters where you sit inside of a small Italian car as it dances with the others. In my opinion, it was super boring. 

The best ride in Cars land is the Radiator Springs Racers and it seems like all of the ride budget for this land went into that one ride. It is really fun and takes you on a nice trip throughout the movie with all of the characters. It could be a bit more thrilling for this day and age but still one of the best rides in DCA.

The updates to the Sunshine pavilion into Carthay circle are nice and the suitcase and a dream show is nice too. I don't like the refurbishments to the Hollywood studios backlot much and there is always some space that they are trying to figure out what to do with but never really settle on anything. Last time it was ElecTRONica, this time is was Summer Dance party. etc.. Either way, they've taken out the Muppets 3D and for nothing that I could tell.

Turtle talk with Crush has been updated and now has more characters involved and you can no longer go into Ursula's grotto from the Beast's library anymore. Frozen has taken over at the Hyperion instead of Aladdin but that show was very impressive. At least they haven't turned the entire park into a Frozen zone the way that Star Wars has taken over at Disneyland. 

Soarin' Around the World is a great improvement over Soarin' Over California and The World of Color has gotten more original than the original. Now if they can figure out how to not shut half of the park down just to put on the show then that would be great. The shows are awesome but once you've seen them, you'd like to go do other things but that's not possible if you want to ride most rides on Paradise pier during World of Color. It seems like the people in charge do not have the capabilities nor the imagination that Walt originally had. If he were somehow still here, I think the park would run more efficiently and not put so many people out. Walt was a master at entertaining the masses while still satisfying everyone all at once. Sure there will be issues but Walt found a way around them. The new people in charge seem like they have no idea how to do this and just take liberties with some things in order to make others happen. 

Don't get me wrong, I still love DCA but it seems like every time I visit, I get more and more disappointed. I just keep rooting for them to eventually get things right.

Thanks for reading.

Definitely a one day park (if you're an adult)

The Disneyland Parks and Disney World Parks are very different.  In terms of size, Disneyland is a lot smaller than Disney World. You don't have to walk as much.  Since it is quicker to get places, it is easy to do everything you want to do.  We even had time to ride our favorite rides twice.

They also still have the old fast pass system in place.  We ran to get Speedway Racers, which is the most popular ride by far.  I'm not quite sure why after riding it, but if you want to experience it, you better run to grab that fast pass first.  They were out of fast passes by 1 p.m.  We stood in line for 15 minutes for the fast pass!  After that, there wasn't really anything we really needed a fast pass for, but we still grabbed one for the Goofy plane ride and the Tower of Terror, just because the wait times were about half an hour (which really isn't long by Disney standards).

Definitely stay for the World of Color show.  It is awesome!

I'm glad I experienced this once, but I think I'll stick with Disney World.

The last time that we visited California Adventure in 2010, a lot of CA Park was being renovated. World of Color was being built, as was the Little Mermaid ride. The Cars land didn't exist, it was rather a Bugs Life land, I believe. At that time, it felt as if there was significantly a lot less people. This visit around, it was definitely packed. The walkways throughout the park are wider than DL's, so it gives the feeling that it is bigger and may not be as many people. But trust, there are still a lot of people.

Many of my friends are AP holders and suggested getting fast passes for the Cars ride right away. Two days in a row, that was what we did. The first day that I went to go get FP's for Cars land, they said that the ride was down for maintenance and they didn't know how long it was going to be down for. They weren't letting people get FP's either. So I decided to head over and get the FP's for World of Color. That line was already pretty long, but I eventually got them. We were in the blue area, which I believe is the closest area to have those for. 

While I was getting FP's, my girls were standing up in line meeting the characters towards the middle plaza of CA land. I would suggest that if you want to see characters as well, have someone stay with the kids to meet the characters and then have someone else run around and get the FP's for WOC and Cars. My girls ended up meeting Mickey, Minnie and Chip and Dale. They are all dressed up in 20's attire, which I think is the cutest outfits that they wear! 

I decided to head back to the Cars FP area to see if the ride had opened up. It hadn't by the time that I gotten back there, but a line had began to form for the FP's and I was about fifth or sixth in line. It was a gamble that I took, we could have been waiting in line for six hours. Luckily, it was about 10 minutes and the ride was back up and running, therefore the FP's line was open. We were to go back about an hour later.  

We decided to go see the Frozen show, but we had gotten there just as the current show was ending. The next show was going to happen in a half an hour, but we saw that there was a meet and greet for Olaf. He was going to come out in about fifteen minutes, so we decided to wait there, as that is my youngest daughter's favorite Disney character (next to Minnie). We were the third people in line to meet Olaf, he was so cute! By that time, it was time for the Frozen sing a long show to happen. That was a really cute show, that review will be up soon. 

Then we went across the way to get FP's for the Anna and Elsa meet and greets. At that time though, it was FP time for the Cars ride. Unfortunately, the ride was down again and they told us to go back. So, we got some sweet treats and headed back over to meet Anna and Elsa because that time was pretty close. We wanted to go on Tower of Terror as well, so we headed to get FP's for those. That was about an hour later from when we got them, so we went to see the Aladdin musical to fill in the time between so we wouldn't have to walk far from Tower of Terror. 

We rode TOT and checked back with Cars and it was running! We were excited to finally get on that ride. We had lunch at the "Pier" which was just like home, since we're from the Bay Area. Nothing like a clam chowder bread bowl. My kids were stoked that there were swings. Mid-afternoon, we were all pretty tired and headed back to our hotel for rest and swimming. 

We returned that night to see World of Color, which was a great show as well. Overall, I think that they're finally finding what works well for CA Adventure Land. No, this isn't Disneyland, but I don't believe that's the point. Give CA Adventure a chance, I think that it delivers in a different way, but still with that Disney magic.

I absolutely love this place! There are always character's walking up and down the streets willing to take pictures, chat a minute or just smile and wave, I know it's their job, but they do it so well that you can suspend disbelief for a brief time and enjoy the moment. Thus side of the park also doesn't seem to be as busy as the other side, which is nice when the other side gets crazy packed.

I am a season pass holder for both Disneyland and California Adventure. 

If you are looking for a magical experience that brings back old memories you have to head to Disneyland. California adventure is a different type of experience. California Adventure is more fun if you are with a group of friends and you are over 21. The park has bars and lounges to hang out at and have some drinks. 

The rides are awesome too! Tower of Terror is my favorite, but I also enjoy the coaster, Cars and Toy Story. There arent as many big rides here as there are at Disneyland so I dont spend as much time here. Its super fun though. 

California Adventure closes earlier than Disneyland too. Normally around 10pm. 

Overall I really enjoy coming here. Even though I spend more time at Disneyland, it depends what type of mood im in. 

No complaints here, though I wish it stayed open later. 

5 stars!

Rather than review individual rides, I'll leave this here. First time ever going to California Adventure was in late 2013, second time this spring 2016.

An easy walk from the Anaheim Plaza hotel, had single-day 1-park admission.  They let us in at 8:30AM on a Thursday so we rushed to the Cars Land to ride the racers and then got a FastPass to come back. Brunch reservation at Ariel's Grotto, fixed price menu and 4-5 princesses come to your table! We got Ariel, Belle, Rapunzel, Tiana (Princess and the Frog), and Cinderella. I got bacon/eggs/hash/muesli, she got tritip. Also came with pastries and fruit, and drinks. So worth it! They had a Food &amp; Wine festival going on but way overpriced for sample/taster portions IMHO. Pixar Parade was canceled since the Food/Wine Festival booths made the parade route too narrow. In Cars Land we also saw Mater and took a photo with Lightning McQueen. The Grizzly water rafting ride was closed, but we did see Chip and Dale, rode the Little Mermaid ride twice, Soaring Over California, and the Midway Mania games. Also rode the Mickey ferris wheel for the first time, and I had a churro. Near Silly Symphony Strings, we took pictures with Buzz Lightyear, Stitch, Flik, Meeko, Smee, Goofy, Genie. So many characters out and about that day! Caught flapper-dress Minnie in Hollywoodland, and the Monster's Inc ride. Skipped Tower of Terror. Rode the red trolley to take a rest from walking which was convenient. Rode Cars racers again, and Luigi's and Mater's rides too. Returned to the California Screamin' wooden rollercoaster and rode it twice at sunset (30 min wait). Aladdin show is gone, Frozen is taking over. Took some photos of Cars Land at dusk (neon lights) but didn't stay for the World of Color show (I'd seen it already and it was getting cold).

Waited 1/2 hour just to get on the shuttle from the parking lot.  Then an hour wait to get through security. Then 1/2 hour to buy tickets. Thats right, 2 frickin hours before we even got in. Once you get in, its 2 hours plus wait for any cool ride. They sold out of fast passes so that wasnt a option. We got there early but that didnt help. If you like to spend 400 dollars for a family of 3 and get on a few rides and eat crappy food be my guest. Never again. Legoland or knotts is way better.

Love this place! It's significantly less crowded than Disneyland. The cars ride is by far the best ride in the park.  Soaring over California is also pretty great. I would suggest you fast pass for both of these as well as world of colors because it's a great show and it gets crowded. My least favorite is the fun wheel- swinging cage. There's an option to get on the side of non swinging and swinging. The swinging side is terrifying and what's worse is you can find some puke bags ready to go for you if you need it and trust me, you will! I was pleased to see our cage finished the turn but it didn't stop! It went a second time!!! It was a terribwl mistake of mine to choose that ride. I would call it the NOT so FUn wheel.

The wine/ beer garden is awesome! Not only can you sit and enjoy an adult beverage in piece but you can also charge your cell phones in one of the outlets.

***My review is about adults visiting Disney.***

My husband and I are New Yorkers, but we now live in LA, so when the SoCal resident discount Disney tickets were announced I decided to get some.  We don't know if we can stay in California long term, so we wanted to spend time at Disney while we are a 1 hour drive of the park.  

I paid $179 (about $59 per day) for a 3 day park pass with the special deal.  I opted for the less expensive option and didn't get the hopper. 

My first visit to DCA was this past MLK day.  We actually planned to go to Disneyland since my husband's last Disney trip was 23 years ago to WDW.  However, after we were parked the line to get into Disneyland looked crazy, so we opted for this park instead since it was new to both of us.

First of all, some of the rides were closed for refurbishment, but I knew this beforehand from visiting the Disney website.  I was of course sad that I wasn't able to experience Soarin, it sounds like a great ride though.  Also, A Bug's Life was additionally shut down, I had been on this at WDW and it was a fun experience.  So I recommend checking the Disney website to see when the rides are closed, especially if you are a local.

On the plus side, the park opened at 8 AM that day since it was a holiday.  We arrived smack on the dot and quickly got into the park.

We were very pleased at how light the crowds were from 8-10:30 AM.  Since moving to CA, we have learned that it really does pay to get up early to beat the hordes of people, whether it be for easy parking at a shopping mall or simply getting a table for breakfast.  I HIGHLY recommend getting to the Disney park of your choice right when it opens, it will be worth it since you will get to experience a lot of the rides in this time period.

Upon entering the park I HAD to head for Tower of Terror, I have fond memories of this ride from WDW.  This ride DID not disappoint and I like how the other elevator shoots have different drop deviations. 

After the Tower, we headed over to California Screamin' and got on with a minimal wait.  Wow, what an amazing ride, I was impressed.  I am not one for roller coasters, but this was a blast.  We went on again using the single rider line and were back on after waiting a mere 5 minutes.

Very shortly after we entered the park, we grabbed fast passes for Radiator Springs.  I advise that you get these early on because this appears to be a slow loading ride and a very popular attraction.  Be sure to keep grabbing fast passes when you can throughout the day, we used these to go on Tower of Terror two more times.  

The other standout attraction to me was Radiator Springs.  I have never seen the movie Cars, but this was a fun ride and beautifully done.  We enjoyed the car race at the end.

The first three hours that we were at the park, the Grizzly River Run was closed.  That was kind of disappointing since this park is so small.  We also encountered another smaller ride that was closed during the duration of our visit.

Overall, I think this park deserves a 3 out of 5, perhaps if I had visited when more attractions were open it would get a 4.

I am glad that we came here at the discounted price, I would be pretty upset if we paid the full $100 admission to visit, but it was ok enough for $59.

We only stayed at the park from 8-1:30, so we didn't eat there.  I scoped out the prices for food and it was a bit high, but not horrible if you had to eat one meal at the park.  We brought a small backpack and carried 2 bottles of water, a couple of pre-packaged snacks and 2 cans of Red Bull.  Nobody said anything to us about bringing in outside food and beverages. 

Also, parking is $18 and you can take a tram over to the park.  We opted to walk BACK to the car and it wasn't too bad of a stroll at about 1/2 mile. 

I am not sure if we will be back to this park, we were a bit let down.

CarsLand, Cali Screamin'...WINE...
Disneyland for the somewhat older crowd.  Food is awesome here, alcoholic drinks are served, and World of Color is breath-taking.

One employee in particular really made my trip this past birthday and pushed me to write a review. Louie? from the Toy Story ride in California Adventure was standing there and I approached him to ask him some questions regarding close time for the ride and such. He told me that usually when World of Color comes on, the ride slows down significantly...but then proceeded to make my day by telling me that since it was my birthday that he would get me on the ride right at that second. I skipped over an hour wait!! It was the nicest small gesture that was probably not a big deal to him, but completely just MADE my day. Thank you SO MUCH, Louie!!!!!!

Came here recently after a few years and there were some changes. There's Carthay Lounge on the main street, Aladdin show is no more, and Cars Land is so cool. If you can get the fast pass (located outside of Bugs Land) for the Cars (I forget it's actual name) ride, get it! Don't bother waiting for 1-2 hours for that ride. Nothing is worth that long of a wait. Seriously. OR go on it right when the park opens or before the park closes. It's a cool ride, but I'm not going to spend my day waiting in line. 

The Frozen Live show is coming in the Summer. I'm curious to see what they plan on doing with that. The Aladdin show was really good, so Frozen has big shoes to fill. 

If you want to see World of Color and don't mind getting a bit misted/wet, go in the very front section. The view is awesome, and it's not as crowded. 

If you decide to skip WoC, go on all the rides (that they don't close during the show) while you can. 

They have an arcade area right next to Toy Story Mania which is fun and surprisingly not too expensive. It's fun and everybody in our group won something.

I don't understand all these changes disney is making. The park was supposed to be about california. I miss soaring over california instead of soaring around the world, the old entrance with the golden gate bridge and letters, and the old hollywood entrance. And they are taking out Hollywood Tower of Terror?

Cannot go to Disneyland without going to California Adventure. It is my opinion that some of the attractions are overrated and not worth the wait (Cars, Tower of Terror)- but that's just me. Screamin' &amp; Soarin' are my faves. Eat at Wine Country Trattoria. It is reasonably priced and very good. Love it, but I can't spend the whole day there.

I'm a Cars Fan so I loved it here :) Everything captures the spirit of the movie, and even the movie A Bugs Life, and then some. Went on a couple of rides, its actually a decent size Disney park that everyone will enjoy. Kind of off topic but there is a difference between Disney California Adventure and Disneyland. One sells beer and the other does not :)

Disneyland Out rated and overpriced just for a day at Disneyland could cost you up to $500 ridiculous and adults go with their kids and every time they get a new ride they raised the price more to get in

We actually enjoy the adventure park more than the main DL attraction.  
1. Less people.  When we were at the main park even on weekdays, lines are long and it's quite crowded.   
2.  More kid friendly rides.  In my opinion, the CA adventure seems to be more kid friendly.  While the main park is slowly transitioning to adolescent/adult themes. Especially with the newly incorporated Star Wars and Marvel franchise. 
3.  Less people = better views of the parades.  
4.  More opportunities to take pictures with Disney characters.  At the main park the line can take up to 45 min just to take pic with Mickey.  Here at CA the characters would just roam around the park, a lot more accessible to the visitors. 
5.  More places eat and more choices of restaurants inside the CA park compare to the main park.

Love this park, but it's much smaller than Disneyland. Also, there aren't as many attractions.

Radiator Springs Racers, Mickey's fun wheel, Toy Story Midway Mania, Little Mermaid, Tower of Terror, Games of the Boardwalk, Goofy's Sky School, Grizzly River Run, Mater's Junkyard Jamboree, Anna and Elsa's Frozen welcome, and (the old) Aladdin show are some of our favorites!

Food- Covebar, turkey legs, Corndog castle, churros, Boardwalk Pizza &amp; Pasta, Cozy Cone motel.

TIP: We've been here almost every month of the year. HIGHLY suggest going during "slow" days or weekdays to avoid crowds. Google Disneyland Crowd Calendar. It's fairly accurate!

You all already know all about all my conflicted feelings about Disneyland and all that it represents and the way that Disney, Inc., and its many all-embracing tentacles have crept and slithered their way into just about every media format and market in these United States and all over the world.  That's a whole lot of baggage that I still think about and try to figure out.

California Adventure?  Not so difficult.  One star, and this has very little to do with Disneyland or Disney, Inc.  Basically, it's really not that great, and it's really too expensive.  The fact that a day pass to California Adventure and one to Disnelyand Park cost the same amount is a travesty.  

California Adventure is much smaller, has fewer rides, gets way more crowded, and is less interesting for children's imaginations because everything is just plunked next to everything else.  In Disneyland Park, the lands are at least nominally different, and the transition areas among them actually serve a vital function in people's brains.  They could rearrange the locations of everything in California Adventure, and it wouldn't really matter or bother anyone.

The Tower of Terror is excellent, and Grizzly River Run is fun, but beyond that, there's not much to recommend, and I definitely wouldn't pay full price to visit.

And another thing:  California Adventure sits on what used to be the largest parking lot I had ever seen.  It used to be fun riding the little trams back to your car.  You can still ride those trams, but they just go to the parking structure now, and it's just not the same.

This place is awesome....Every Disney property has its own fun.  The place is a 
little pricey for a large family.  The fun is truly worth it.  Once in a life time.

Just came back from a Christmas adventure to the Disney parks.  I had a blast.  Truly had an amazing time.  I wish they wouldn't close the Tower of Terror though.

Disney CA Adventures is pretty magical (especially since they added World of Color). There are so many great rides here! My favorites are Toy Story Mania (where you get to compete with the passenger next to you as you aim for targets with shooting darts or paint), California Screaming (the only traditional roller coaster), Tower of Terror and Radiator Springs Racers in Carsland. Tower of Terror is currently doing their "Final Check-Out" where you no longer see the hologram family in the hallway waving at you. Instead it's just pitch black. They're shutting the ride down soon so they can make way for a new Guardians of the Galaxy ride. I'm kind of sad about that because I loved the 1920s Hollywood hotel theme of that ride. I am sure the Guardians of the Galaxy ride will be amazing as well. Unlike Disneyland, you can get ALCOHOL at California Adventure! It also opens later than Disneyland on most days. Cars Land looks amazing at night so I always like to go to CA Adventure after Disneyland.

This park is lots of fun. Nothing beats Disneyland, but this park has a lot of things to keep you entertained.

When it first opened there wasn't much to do here and it's really come a long way since then. Recently they changed the front entrance to look like the entrance of the Hollywood Studios in Orlando and they took out the giant letters out front that spelled California. 

Bug's Land is great for kids and is fun for adults to walkthrough to experience how they make you see the world through the perspective of a bug. Mostly this land is for kids because all of the rides are really slow or super short. 

Car's land is fun, the rides there are more for people of all ages to enjoy together and the Radiator Springs Racers is a hit or miss for small children in my experience. It's probably best to get a fast pass for this ride if you're child has never been on it before because the line is never shorter than 75 minutes usually and if you have a fast pass you won't feel as though you wasted a lot of time in line if they end up not liking it. 

The Midway Pier area has nice rides like Toy Story Mania and California Screaming. Goofy's Sky School is surprisingly really fun for adults. The Little Mermaid ride is great if you want to rest in the AC for a while on a hot day. 

The Hollywood Backlot only has two rides which are the Tower of Terror and the Monster's Inc. ride. Both are fun, but personally I feel the tower is an acquired taste. There are a lot of things to keep busy here with shows and things to see.

Even though there are a lot of things to do here, it won't take all day for you to do the things you want to do unless you wait in line and do absolutely everything there is to do here. If it's your first time, there probably wouldn't be a problem buying a one day one park ticket for this park, but after that you'll probably know what you like and don't like and will probably want to buy a park hopper in order to make a hit and miss here and spend the rest of your time in Disneyland or just spend the whole day in Disneyland and save your money.


#84/100

DCA is a different vibe than it's neighboring park across the way. My kids enjoy the rides better as most are outside type rides (they still get a little freaked out over some of the rides that are enclosed). There's a lot more space between attractions, a lot more areas to let your little ones walk around, but I'd say part of that is due to less rides than Disneyland. I especially like the fact that you can grab a beer from several concession stands / restaurants throughout the park. Yeah you have to chug it before crossing over to the park, but all part of the experience I guess haha

This park is located right across from the Disneyland resort and this park is definitely geared to kids and adults who want more of a variety when it comes to rides. The rides here are more considered thrill rides but they also have kids rides. This park is great to come to if you haven't been here before or if you purchase a park hopper then you can visit both parks at the same time at anytime throughout the day. The park isn't as big as Disneyland but they plan on expanding it as they are always added new rides and attractions. This is where the Disneyland grand hotel is located in which is great being inside of the park. I will admit that it isn't my favorite but am a fan of some of the rides there which I buy the park hopper for.

Super fun 
Went on a Sunday, turnt up just the parents .. And sooo much fun, it was honeys idea and wow he knew how to make it a fun weekend!! We ate ...we walked and we went on all of the amazing highly recommended rides!! The lines weren't too bad, it was very busy due to the avenger marathon earlier in the morning but utilizing the fast pass along with hitting up the beers and just food tasting was so much fun!! 
We went to the terrace tasting 
The fishermens wharf
The Asian place across from it
The Mexican place near the roller coaster 
The bread tour 
Ghirardelli 
Starbucks
And more I just can't remember all!! 
Btw Disneyland has the best BEST hot chocolate ever!! 
Will return soon

For many years, our family "hobby" has been to visit amusement parks.  Disney parks in particular have been our favorite.  Disney has a special way of capturing details and variety in so many forms that they literally blow away the experience of other amusement parks.  We were lucky to be at Disney's California Adventure on the day that Soarin' Around The World opened, which is a very unique attraction.  The World Of Color show is also not to be missed!  There are many other rides in CaAdv that may seem typical to other amusement parks, but there is always a distinct Disney flair, and the theming of everything is always very special.  In addition, there are many activities for kids to do, like learning animation, talking with turtles, meeting Disney characters...  It's an amazing place.

I'm an Annual Pass Holder and let me tell you, I find myself in Disney's California Adventure Park a majority of the time. They just have great food, attractions, and and is all around great for the older kids of Disney. 

MUST ride:
-Radiator Springs Car Racers
-California Screaming Rollercoaster
-Tower of Terror
-Toy Story Mania
-Mickey's Fun Wheel (Rocking)

MUST see:
-Aladdin Music Spectacular
-Turtle Talk with Crush
-World of Color
-Pixar Play Parade

MUST eat:
-Churros (given)
-Cocina Cucamonga
-Pacific Wharf Cafe
-Cove Bar
-Cone queso

California is so much fun!!! You can definitely check off a lot of the main things in half a day so if you get a park hopper I suggest starting off here (getting a fast pass for cars of course), going through some of the other big rides, and then head down to Disneyland for the rest of your day.

California Adventure is GREAT. Overcrowded yes at times, overpriced ALWAYSSS but it definitely is a lot funner than Disneyland I feel.

A lot of different attractions with different themes and it's a lot of fun. We love Radiator Springs but dislike the line for this ride, literally 1 hour sometimes 75mins for this wait. That's why you have to get the fast pass, unfortunately every time I try to get the fast pass it's too late and gives me a time at 820-920pm by than we are already out of the park by than.  Toy Story Midway Mania is another one of our favorites as well as Symphony Swings. 

I love the shows they have and all the funnn characters that they have and the lines are not as bad as they are at Disneyland for the characters.   We had the pleasure of meeting Anna and Elsa from Frozen, Mickey Mouse, Olaf, Chip and Dale, Goofy and Sofia the Princess.  The characters are super friendly and just sooo cute. My all time favorite is Olaf and Chip and Dale.

Oh and the shows, the shows are outstanding, the sing along for Frozen, the Disney Jr live and Aladdin, it was great!!!

I'm looking forward to coming back again and checking out the Grizzly River Run ride and Soaring through California unfortunately this ride is closed.

California Adventure is just as magical as Disneyland. This park is geared a little more towards the adults. You're able to drink alcohol while you enjoy the park. There's a few excellent restaurants here that are a must try! 

Highlights of what the park offers: for now the Aladdin play, this will end in January and a Frozen play will take over. The Aladdin play is a MUST SEE before it ends! The Genie is so funny, it's as good as the cartoon movie with Robin Williams.  The Paradise Pier rollercoaster is fun for the thrill seekers as is the Hollywood Tower of Terror. You climb very fast and very high and drop just as quick with both rides. Mickey's fun wheel is very high and you can see so far when you're at the top of the ferris wheel! Cars land is also a must check out when in the park. It literally looks just like the movies with few different rides that are great for all ages. Try out the grizzly run on a hot day to cool down, it's a water ride and boy do you get soaked!! And lastly the world of color show...wow! No words can express the magic involved in that show, everyone should experience it at least one! 

All in all, this park is just as magical and fun as Disneyland but usually has slightly less crowds and some lines are shorter than you'd expect.

I've been coming here the last 4 years now and have really liked the improvements they've made to the park.  Radiator springs is one of its latest additions a few summers ago... and it brilliantly captures the feel of the Pixar film, Cars.

There are a few attractions that are definitely hits, such as Radiator Springs Racer, Hollywood Tower Hotel, California Screamin'... and other that didn't quite fare as well as they hoped.  

The dining options here are also quite decent.  If you can, make reservations and try Carthay Circle.  Ariel's Groto is so-so, but at least you can get passes to World of Color.  DCA also has arguably the best ice cream place between the two parks Disneyland, Ghirardelli.

DCA has grown to become a great park to visit... and a very suitable escape from the busyness that the main park gets.

Loved by millions: Radiator Springs, Califonia Screamin', Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, World of Color, Monsters, Inc. Mike &amp; Sulley to the Rescue!...  Behemoths such as these--ones that leave us breathless, exhilarated, and thirsty for more--have continued hoisting Disney California Adventure to the upper echelons of excitement.  A hefty, theme park contender, to be sure, Disney California Adventure impresses.  Mouse-eared Guests from around the world funnel in, and--despite snake-like queues--orchestrate their minute-by-minute schedules in order to hit each and every thrill.  Sometimes, it gets a bit frantic.

However, for me, things have changed...

This year, I became an Annual Pass Holder, joined the Dark Side.  Exploring the Disneyland Resort, now, has made trips to the Parks...relaxing, significantly.  These days, I bypass the congestion.  Instead, I wander.  I take my time.  I appreciate what others, amidst the hustle, may unfortunately be missing.

For example: The Pacific Wharf's Bakery Tour - Hosted by Boudin Bakery, A Bug's Land's 3D Pixar film: "It's Tough To Be a Bug!," Anna &amp; Elsa's Royal Welcome and Turtle Talk with Crush within Hollywood Land's Animation Academy.  And not only that.  There's also the delectable Paradise Pier Ice Cream Company, Disney's Aladdin - A Musical Spectacular, the Pixar Play Parade, and--although closing April 30th, 2015--Olaf's Snow Fest.  We even found Russell from Pixar's "Up" as we explored the windings of Grizzly Peak.

Before, I hadn't prioritized Disney California Adventure.  I'd thought it boring and slow.  But now--with refreshed perspectives and open eyes--I truly enjoy it.  So much awaits, and so much more is on its way.  If you can find the time, you'll see it too!

Well, this is it ... my 100th review of the year!  Considering how much I blather on about anything and everything, that is an impressive accomplishment.

Hmm?  Oh...

I'm being told to wrap this up; apparently people do this 100 list thing all the time.  But, I do talk a lot!  That doesn't count for anything?  Huh, apparently most of us here blather on, just like I do.

Well, at least I'm in good company.  Anyway, Disney California Adventure Park!

-------

So, what should an amusement park be like?  A pretty place with plenty for kids to gawk at?  A lot of roller coasters packed onto one lot to crawl over for a day?  Animals and shows with song and dance?  A high price tag and a headache that you just have to trudge through for the sake of your family?

Disney California Adventure can rub some people the wrong way.  It has the same high prices as Disneyland, shares the same cramped parking, has the same long lines, and the crowds on a hot day can make even the happiest of patrons cranky.  But, again, just like Disneyland, if you go on a weekday, shy away from the hotter months, and just let yourself enjoy the park the way it is meant to be, then it can be a great day had by all.  I think the biggest thing it has going against it is the fact that it is new, so it doesn't benefit from that sense of nostalgia that brings older patrons like me back again and again to remember what the park was like when we were kids.

Yet, it's still an incredible park filled with impressively designed rides, beautiful shops, delicious food, gorgeous scenery, and live shows that run all day and all night.  They are constantly trying to improve; new lands are being fashioned, old ones are remodeled, and they always have survey takers about to get suggestions on what should be done to help.  The whole of it is open, plenty of space for patrons, and a wide selection of attractions that range from a Midway filled with carnival games and a giant roller coaster, to Hollywood in the 20's, complete with a period Haunted Hotel, to even Cars Land, where the whole of it glows in the night, looking exactly like it does in the cartoon.

C'mon, that's cool as hell.

As a whole, I don't think it has as much to do as Disneyland, but it is by no means any less fun.  And you can still easily spend an entire day here and not experience all there is to enjoy.  So pack up the car, book a hotel room, and grab tickets for a few days to enjoy a family vacation.  Just make sure, like Disneyland before it, you pull the kids out of school and going during a weekday to get the most out of it.  Avoid the crowds, avoid the summer sun, and bring your own food if you need to cut down on costs.  Make it easy on yourself and you're sure to have a great time for you and your loved ones.

After a fabulous day at Disneyland, we had a pretty mediocre day at CA Adventure. While it's a beautiful setting with a great California theme, it lacked fun and spirit. We wished we'd done two days at Disneyland instead of a one park a day pass. 

Here's what was wrong: 1) we went to get fast passes and learned three rides were closed--all the roller coasters! How do you tell a teen that the best rides are unavailable? 2) because of this, lines were one hour long at every other ride! 3) Fast passes were faster than standard wait times, but still long waits. I suspect they were issuing more fast passes than they could possibly accommodate in order to quiet people who were mad about ride closures. 4) many rides were closed off and on during the day--and this did not show on the app until you'd already gone across the park to get there. 5) wait times were not correct. 

My advice: go to Knotts Berry Farm your second day--it's a lot cheaper and more accommodating. 

(Also, Check my comments about parking and accessibility on my Disneyland review. Cast members directing traffic outside of both parks were not helpful at all, gave bad directions, and sent us on wild goose chases. 

The same thing happened at Disneyworld, so I recommend getting clear directions to parking and trams from someone inside the park before traipsing around. After our day in Disneyland we knew where to go--but we logged an extra two miles trying to get to our car the first day. 

Also, handicapped parking is far from the tram, and there is no way to get help to get from car to tram or vice versa.)

I have gone several times to this theme park, and every thing is good, it's only the food that not as good as I expected. The place near "California Screaming" that sells pizza and pasta is a 3 star. The pasta and salads are good, but the pizza is god awful. You can tell that the pizza is made of the bread stick dough as tasted like cardboard , the sauce is bland and lacks flavor and the cheese is tasteless. Hope you take this into consideration.

We came to California adventure on 12/30/15...and to our surprise this place wasn't packed at all. Radiator springs was, but most rides we manageable and we were able to walk without bumping into people. 

Toy Story Mania and Radiator racers were my absolute favorite. Go on the racers during the day and once at night. It's beautiful lite up. The mountains actually make up Cadillac tails so take in all the beautiful details! 

We went on grizzly river run and yes you do get wet! Make sure you're prepared with a pancho unless you are good with wet chonies. 

They serve alcohol at California adventure for all those who need it.

Last time I went there was maybe 6 years ago, and I hope I can visit this magnificent place again. The fact that this park is also right besides another park, Disney land, is great. While I was inside, I saw many Disney figures (people in costumes) and everyone is always excited to see them. This place is great for kids, adults and the elderly, so a day with the entire family there is simply perfect.

3 Disney World Parks compressed in 1

This park was better than expected. They put a small version of "Hollywood Studios", "Animal Kingdom" and "Epcot" together. The rides are fun, overall the race ride from Cars.

For the live shows, the small play of Frozen was super funny but the best is definitely Aladdin, even though I went to the last play I did not feel sleepy at all because it is so entertaining (I would recommend getting the Fast Pass for this attractions).

In general, a great addition to the small Disneyland.

Definitely not kid friendly. Not a lot of rides but worth checking out. Few rides like the Radiator Springs in Carsland is cool. Everything else, eh. 
Fastpass sucks. Can only grab 1 Fastpass at a time. 
PS. Fix that damn California Screamin ride. Damn thing keeps breaking down.

I'm rating based on this specific visit experience. 
Spring break - AVOID AT ALL COST during this time.
Tickets are very high priced, 20% more than usual.
Literally bumper to bumper traffic.
Couldn't turn a corner without hitting someone.
Only went on 3 rides all day!

Visiting California adventure and Disneyland (review is about CA) in my mid 20's I didn't know what to expect. My first time coming here was on Christmas Day (crazy right?) 

I expected to be overwhelmed with people which we were but it turned out to be a very good experience because with so many people you learn how to explore in the most efficient way, so I'll explain briefly as possible in my opinion how to get it done. I will try to help those who are clueless because I was myself okay? Alright!

First thing you should do when entering is grab a map, get fast passes for the most popular rides and of course rides you'd be interested in (do some online research for popularity) usually the fast pass booths are somewhere near the ride (there's not one place to get the passes) and you can only have 3 passes out a day, once you've used them you can get more.

My favorite ride is is Cars Land which is based off the movie cars obviously and YOU MUST explore this place when it's dark, it's filled with neon lights and makes the ride "radiator springs racers," even better.

All the popular rides are very fun, YOU MUST TRY A TURKEY LEG (one of the locations is by the Ferris wheel) alcohol served at a few places, popular restaurants require reservations, me and my gf visited "French Market," and were very impressed and it wasn't too much. Maybe $24 for the both of us. Prime rib melt!

Visit "Bayside Brews," for your alcohol, it's located by the Mickey Ferris wheel, also the memorabilia store by this also has the largest selection of ears.

You must see the show "world of color," and get a fast pass for this FIRST!! You will thank me later, lots of colors that'll keep your kids entertained or your gf that's in Disney princess mode lmao and also a very cool history lesson on Walt Disney.

I'm 24, went with my gf, I do not have kids (yet) so this review may be different for those visiting with kids because my brothers experience with his daughter sounded very different.

Good luck!!!!

We had such a wonderful trip celebrating my son's 5th birthday (and first time at Disneyland)! All of the employees are extremely nice and helpful. The park is clean and well maintained. The Disneyland app was a helpful tool which provided very accurate ride wait times, character locations, disney photographer locations and more. Big thank you to the lost and found team at California Adventure! My husband accidentally set my son's sweatshirt down somewhere and realized very quickly it was missing. He went back over all his steps but couldn't find it anywhere. He was directed to call the lost and found number by several employees along his search to find the sweatshirt, which he finally did upon giving up the search. They were so nice and helpful. They asked him for many details about the lost sweatshirt along with his name, phone number and address. They informed him that if it was turned in, they would ship it back to us free of charge. I was impressed with the service at that time, but even more pleasantly surprised when a couple days later my son's sweatshirt arrived at our doorstep! That's true Disney service! Thank you very much!!!

Disney's California Adventure park is my kind of Disney park. Why one may ask? Six individual letters of the alphabet in succession...

A.L.C.O.H.O.L.

Oh $hit... That's seven. Must be the A.L.C.O.H.O.L. kickin' in.

But really, this park is uber cool and yes, the alcohol sales are a major contributor to that coolness, but not the only reason. They have some awesome rides, (California Screamin', Mater's Junkyard Jamboree, Tower of Terror, Soaring Over California, etc.) and the park appeals to the "big kids" just as much as to the little ones.

But it is just so cool that you can grab a beer, glass of wine or cocktail and stroll through the park. Plenty of good eats and snacks as one would expect from a Disney theme park. Can hardly wait to go back!!!

Love it here awesome place to spend family time. Definitely will be visiting this park again. Staff so far has been so nice.

It's basically a park about California with Disney touches. I do prefer Disneyland over this park but this park does offer some pretty cool features!

What I was most excited about? There are benches EVERYWHERE. Rows and rows of unattended benches...everywhere. Usually you're doing this park on day 2...after walking 12 miles in Disneyland on day 1. There is a lot of pausing and resting on day 2 and these benches are just wonderful.

Unlike Disneyland, which has different restaurants in the different "lands", most of the food options here are in one central area in the middle of the park. They do serve a good variety such as Mexican, seafood and Chinese so you can usually find something to your taste.

The other side of Disney where all the thrill rides are. My favorites here are Hollywood Tower of Terror and California Screaming. There is also Cars Land, Toy Story Mani (better than Astro Blasters!), Little Mermaid, Goofy, Bug's Life, Rapids, and much more. I've also been to two showings on this side: Aladdin and World of Colors - both a must see in my opinion!

For most people, this is the "adult" and more fun side of Disney. Rides are definitely better here but the other side its where you get to enjoy the Disney atmosphere.

Great park, not as traditional and not as historical(in the sense that Disneyland has staples like the matahorn) but very nicely done.  With Buena Vista street in the entrance.

DCA as the castmembers call it, is home to the better sit down restaurants, like Carthay Circle, Arils Grotto, Golden Vine Winery.  It also has had the most expansions in recent time with the introduction of CARS land about 4 years ago.  

The way to describe it would lots more rides for teens.

Love this park. Animation Academy is definitely worth a visit or 3. Love the layout of this park and ALL the rides are fabulous. The Cove has delicious cocktails and the lobster nachos are quite delicious. Order the Fun Wheel. Have a blast!

My son liked the park but not as much as he liked universal studios.
The wait lines can be looong, the toy story ride was about 45 min wait but it felt like hours, little kids will enjoy the ride.
We were able to take pictures with a few of the Disney characters ( Goofy, Donald, and soldiers from toy story) 
While walking around the park we didn't realize there was a Pixar parade happening around 6:00, a very nice girl the works the park approached me and my family and asked us if we were planning to watch the parade, we said sure, she then asked if we would like to go to a vip section? My answer was " what is catch? Do I have sign for a credit card or something? She just smiled and said, no, I just need to get extra families to a vip area.
She was really nice I just hope I remembered her name but she made our day.
The best part of the park is definitely radiator springs, the cars ride was unbelievable, the only problem, an hour and w half wait.

The only reason of my 4 stars is the nice girl that help us to a vip section so we can enjoy the parade.

Annual pass I have had them for years..NEVER AGAIN!!! SHAME ON DISNEYLAND Customer service is THE ABSOLUTE WORST!!! We go to the park they move your parking all over town even when the crowd alert says Ghost Town! Parked us once in a completely unfamiliar parking structure with no parking help, everyone was driving all over &amp; parking everywhere then walking up &amp; down nasty coridors not knowing where to go! We went back to our car &amp; left!! Closing rides consistently! Now I am on the phone trying to update my Credit Card old one expired in Jan. I just checked my phone I have been on hold 33:44 &amp; still going THAT IS COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE Most decent companies will give you the option of a call back BUT NOT DISNEY.That is because THEY JUST DON'T CARE. Well now it is going on over 39min. I am going to just hang up....42min I finally got through only to have the lady tell me I need to call another # when she gave me that # it was the same I called &amp; have been on hold for 42min.????..WHAT CAN I SAY??...(IT SOUNDS UNREAL BUT IS 100% ACCURATE!!)..Mr. Walt Disney would be ashamed of how people are being treated....AGAIN I SAY SHAME ON DISNEYLAND

Had a great time at California adventures. Best ride was the cars land. Great food and atmosphere. I loved the "Mickeys world of color" it was magical and beautiful. Can't wait to go back.

California Adventure Park gets a four star because no theme park can beat Disneyland itself! (Maybe Disneyworld hah) The park itself was fun but just sooo much smaller than the main theme park. You can definitely finish the park in one day. My favorite rides there include screamer, monster inc (hah!), and tower of terror. Unfortunately, I was not able to stick around for the World of Colors show or the fireworks. Its worth a trip if you have never been but honestly you just need to go here once or twice in your lifetime.

I have greatly enjoyed watching California Adventure improve over the years. When it opened, it felt like a half-thought out idea that Disney decided to build to create more traffic. Now it's really coming into its own - better food, better attractions, etc. If you're not an Annual Passholder, it's worth getting a park hopper ticket to also see this park - you won't regret it!

It doesn't matter how many times you have been there, it is still the happiest place on earth. Watched the Frozen show this week. Got the fast pass - located to the left of Hyperion, came back at scheduled time (make sure you look at your fast pass, they stop letting fast passer in 20 min before show time) and waited for about 15 min before they start letting people in. The show lasts about an hour. I have to say.. (Sorry Disney) I like Aladdin show more! The stage design and Elsa's costume (you'll see) surprised me a lot. But the story line is a little bit flat and in my opinion the show is too long.. I still enjoyed it though!!

Sightseeing rides are my go-to. Seeing animations of the characters functionality works is awesome. Mostly Disney characters are around the amusement park to take pictures with. A lot of things to see. Of course foods and drinks are expensive.

Beer, wine. Cars Land amazing. A visual delight.Radiator Springs Racer is an amazing ride.

