I've been coming into Epic Adventure Games since I first moved to the area years ago. It's a great place, friendly staff, casual atmosphere. Perhaps it's not for everyone, but I like the constant events going on in the back. The selection is sold and the staff is knowledgeable. It fits in nicely with the other local hobby shops (the ones in and around Santa Cruz).

Came in just now to find 5 guys playing DnD in the back. Absolutely no acknowledgement from the staff. We were interested in buying a whole set of 5th Ed book but, hey, if our business isn't wanted... Totally recommend skipping this place and heading out to Illusive or Legends... Long drive but at least its staff do their jobs.

I'm honestly surprised at all the high reviews for this place. Yes, they have games going on, they have a good selection, but the place is FILTHY! Each game I picked up had 2 inches of dust on it. The whole place looked and smelled dirty! Come on, can't we be clean nerds?!?!

This place is awesome. D&amp;D, MTG, 40K, you name it - these guys probably carry it. I've been in here twice, the last time for some extra dice.

If I could make one suggestion, it would be for the staff to put together a big sign with dates &amp; times for different game tournaments, as there are some picnic tables set up near the back for card games and whatnot.

Excellent 40K selection, perhaps better than Game A Lot in downtown SC. Game A Lot might have a better D&amp;D selection, though, so I recommend both locations if you're looking for both of those games.

Games are held here most nights, good selection and fair pricing.  Very friendly.  They  even stock a few used board games, which were fun to look through.  I've been shopping here for my family, and my classroom for a couple of years.

What a great store! I was in town for a few hours and I ran across this store by accident, so I decided to pop in to see what it was all about and I was impressed! 

They have a t-shirt wall with some great shirts that I did not realize I needed until i saw them there. :) 

They were pleasant to speak with and answered all of my questions with more information Than I expected as well as offering up some alternate choices for a game that I was looking for that they were currently out of stock for. yeah yeah yeah, it is always a sales thing to offer up an alternate choice of what you have on hand, but one of the other choices he offered up they did not have in at that time either, but he picked a great game to mention! He was totally right and the Risk Godstorm game that he suggested that I had to buy online since I do not like in Scotts Valley is EXACTLY the kind of game I was looking for! 

The next time I can get out that way I will definitely be making some purchases from them as I prefer to support local businesses and like I said they had some darn fun t-shirts that I NEED! 

Thank you for the great customer service and attention to detail!

This place is great.  They have a good selection of boardgames, cards, dice, and RPG stuff.  Add that to the fact that they have plenty of tables and space for playing games/tournaments and you have a recipe for an excellent game store.  As if that wasn't enough, the staff is friendly and accommodating.

This place is great.  They have an amazing selection of magic cards from even the oldest sets.  The staff is super knowledgable, and they offer deck great building advice.  This place is my absolute favorite card shop.  They do have lots of other non magic related things as well.  I've picked up a few board games and some dice.  I have spent quite some time in this wonderful place.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in board games, rpg games,, and especially trading card games like magic the gathering!

My wife and I and a friend were going to the movies next door and had to kill an hour.

I suggested buying a simple game to kill the time.

SMART MOVE BY ME!!

The service was out of this world and the owner described a bunch of games and actually showed us all how to play it in his game playing area.

We were so hooked that we ended up skipping the movie.

If you want A1 customer service check out Epic~

