I've been coming to this store for years, and I can't imagine playing MTG anywhere else. The staff is great, the prices are reasonable, plenty of gaming space, and I feel it's it's a pretty open community of gamers.
Swing by on Wednesdays for Commander, it's pretty easy to find a pick up game in no time

This place offers a lot from access to computers pre-loaded with every video game, online play, large assortment of MTG singles, space to play board games, snacks, scheduled events etc.

What it doesn't have is customer service. The guys behind the counter lack professionalism and treat the place like their own personal hangout.

I bought a board game online for over $100, and when it arrived the box had mutiple puncture holes, scuff marks, and beveling.  I tried to exchange, but everyone was out of it.  The only other places online were charging more than $150.  I started calling local stores, and you guessed it, every single one was out of this game.  Then I called Eudemonia, who said they had one left for $65.  I asked for their hours and address, and raced over there.  The guy had been nice enough to put their one copy behind the counter so no one else would take it.  It's in pristine condition and it was just the biggest relief that they had it, kept it for me, and for a more than reasonable price.  That's definitely the way to make a customer out of me!

When you walk into any store in the world and ask if they have inventory of an item you are looking for, if the store clerk does not know if they have that inventory, 99 times out of 100 the store clerk will look it up in their system. Eudemonia is the exception. 

I waited at the front counter to pick up my order. There was a clerk helping a customer sell his collection. I waited. And waited. And waited. I finally asked "Is there someone who can help me with my order?" I was met with a rude "He's over there. He'll help you when he's done" pointing at his coworker helping another customer with a VR set. The clerk finished and came back to the counter and helped with my order. He got my name, pulled my order and handed it to me. At this point, if I were a clerk, I would open the order and make sure it was all there in front of the customer. Instead, he doesn't hand it to me, but drops it on the counter.

I then ask "Hey, do you have card xxxx?" the clerk says "I don't know, but you can look it up n our website on the computer behind you, or wait for him" gesturing towards the first clerk, who was in the thick of this customers collection. 

Seriously?! If there was ANYWHERE in the East Bay that sold Magic singles, I would shop there in a heartbeat. Eudemonia has the worst customer service. How about hire people with backgrounds in customer service, rather than people who think it'll be cool to work there.

Get your shit together Eudemonia. This is BASIC customer service.Avoid this store like the plague.

This store is always a huge disappointment. Without getting started on their player base, which is really rude, the store is just weird. They don't sell magic singles after 7:30, but are open till midnight, so watch out for that. They fairly significantly up their prices above market standard as well. 

I'd go elsewhere.

I hate to leave this bad of a review for this place since I do like it so much. I turned in a collection on Jan 30th, 2016 and it usually takes a week before an offer is made. Two weeks went by when I called and asked for an update. I was told that it was not ready yet due to influx of collections being dropped off. (2/12/2016)Three hours later I received a phone call with an offer that I accepted. They informed me that I will be paid via PayPal in 3-5 days. After this I have yet to see my payment. I have called multiple times since 2/20/2016, to find out where we are with the payment. Unfortunately the employees have no control over payment (which is understandable). Today 2/23/2016, I was told to write this review to see if this could catch the attention of anyone who can help me move pass this. 

Thank you for all the help: Mike &amp; Sam and especially Brian...thank you for your patience and I know it's not under your control. 

Please SOMEONE HELP!!!

After review was posted then payment was issued, thank you all the employees involved in this transaction.

Pretty cool game shop with collectible card games, board games, various gaming die, a nifty snack and drink area (otaku need their Pocky and ramune soda!) and a seriously awesome selection of MTG cards. The girl at the counter was super friendly and offered to show us anything we asked. There's also a LAN room at the far end of the shop for computer gaming and a back room for game tournaments.
 
I meant to buy a new 20-sided die at another gaming shop around the corner from Eudemonia, but the other place was so crowded and busy I could barely get a staff member's attention. Luckily in Eudemonia I was able to peruse all the polyhedron pretties in peace.

I really like Eudemonia. It's a fun place to sit and game on the computers or play card games like Magic, if that's what you're into. I'm in my 30s so I'm in the minority here usually. Sometimes it can get loud with some of the younger folks yelling and swearing. Doesn't bother me all that much and the staff does a good job of managing all of that. The internet connection is pretty quick. If you have an issue connecting to a game, they usually give you a credit. Playing is fairly cheap. They have a pretty good selection of snacks and drinks to play while you game. 

There are a few things that prevent me from giving them a full 5 stars.
1. It can get really dirty, especially dusty in there. The monitors and keyboards really need to be cleaned more often, especially with the eating habits of some of the folks who play there.

2. Update some of the keyboards and mice. It's hit or miss in terms of quality. 

3. Some healthier snack choices (besides peanuts) would be cool. If the first two were remedied though, I'd definitely up my rating.

Huge LAN area that's almost never crowded (except in the case of birthday parties and whatnot).

This place is a spot for gamers and geeks.  Magic, D&amp;D, and a LAN center combined.  If you're looking for board games like Life or Sorry, this is not the place that you will find it. 

You will find deeper games, however -- Settlers of Catan, Dominion, and various sci-fi themed Monopoly.  It's a niche place, but definitely worth a look if you're trying to find something for a nerdy (is nerdy still an insult?  I don't think so) friend of yours.

There's also a fantastic LAN area, with rentable headphones and a good amount of popular games pre-installed -- Starcraft, League of Legends, Day of Defeat, etc.  It's only about $3/hour, so it's definitely worth it if you're just looking to burn an hour or so.   Love this place.

I have been coming to this store for over 1.5 years

~ ~ ~ Scroll down to the last paragraph if you do not feel like reading my detailed opinion/review ~ ~ ~

Card Games:  The primary focus is magic the gathering, it is actually the only card game they have.  They sell singles, event decks, fat packs, booster packs, intro decks,and they also buy singles.  They sell singles at fairly reasonable prices.  They buy singles at some what decent prices.  They do not buy your singles with cash unlike what they say on the website.  They only do store credit and check.  Expect a large difference between store credit and check value.  The magic dealers them selves are great to work with.  They are very informative, not afraid to throw in jokes, and overall nice people.   The magic community at this store if great for all ages.  You will meet a great bit of people and most likely make a lot of new friends. 

Board Games:  There selection is very scrimped upon compared to games of berkeley and it's your move.  They host board game nights on thursdays.  The community of board game night is older people.  Overall the community plays much more difficult games that it won't be easy for kids to jump into.  In the matter of fact, I have not seen one kid play on board game night.

Computers:  The computers here are above average computers that will play many games.  They have well over 20 games on each computer.  If you need a game to be installed via steam, just login and download it.  The computers do have there moments, but you will get help from an employee quick.  The techs are usually there in the morning. I myself made friends with the techs and at times we play games together.  The prices seem pretty fair.

RPG gaming:  They offer DnD and Pathfinder, but to be honest, I do not play any of the 2. That means I do not know the nights nor the community.

Overall store summary:  They do sell snacks and drinks but they are over priced.  I really wish they can have actual food but there isn't.  This store is not vapor(e-cig) friendly. There is times where you can stand at the register staring hopelessly waiting for service but most of the time that won't happen. The most played pc game would have to be league of legends. If you are a regular customer you will become friends with the employees. The one thing that kind of ticks me and my group is that it feels like there is no customer appreciation.  There is a strong BO smell(the scary thing is when you get use to it) At the end it is a great place for fellow nerds to meet and hang out but there is some stuff that needs to be worked on.

Great gaming atmosphere, lots of mtg card selection. But customer service can be greatly improved. I always feel like I'm pissing the guy off behind the counter when asking for the price of a card or just to buy a card. 
Once I came in ready to spend about $80 on singles. The guy behind the counter said "The card counter is closed, the card guy just went to lunch and will be back in an hour" 
Me: "Sooo, you can't just reach into the case, grab me the cards and take my money??"
Him: "No, but you can order online and we'll ship them to you for free if the order is over $50"
I walked out.

This review is strictly for the board games.  Although their selection is small and their prices are normal retail values, the games that they have in stock are all popular and well known.  I didn't have time to check to see what board games that had in stock to rent to play which I will try to do next time.

I frequent the game store every week. From a mtg players point of view: it's a good place to experience competitive mtg in any and almost all formats around the week. Extremely large amount of mtg singles for buying/selling. A bit pricey though.

Since my last review, I discovered a few things that brightened my impression of Eudo.

I got to know a couple of employees there, and they're pretty cool and friendly. For the life of me, I can't remember their names. I can remember Dean though - he runs the place and brings his dog sometimes.

Also, they managed to secure an empty store for days with large attendance, or to hold side events away from the main store. It's pretty sparse, but with folding tables and chairs set up, it works.

Dean has been shoring up the store a bit with a couple of projectors and monitors, for Magic players to keep track of play time. It's a godsend; I don't have to keep bugging people about how much time we have left.

The stale smell doesn't bother me anymore. Maybe I happened upon a sweat-a-thon around the time that I wrote my initial review. Huh.

MtG supplies are on par with what I've seen at Games of Berkeley.

The boardgame selection is still pretty poor though. And there are these two broken soda machines near the back that I wish will be gone, freeing up some space in the store. Probably won't make a huge difference, but they're just... sitting there.

I recently started going to Eudemonia because I heard about their Magic Sealed League. In the last few weeks I have been in the store on multiple days and I am a little confused by the previous reviews because I have not experienced any of the negative things mentioned. The workers have all made an effort to get to know me and they have been nothing but polite and helpful. I can also honestly say that I have yet to encounter weird/bad smells or hordes of misbehaving children.

Now the thing with the other reviews that angers me is that there is a lot of mention of fat guys and nerds. Well, I'm a fat girl and I really don't see how this has anything to do with the review. The players I have seen at the store have been fat, skinny, white, asian, male and female. Also if we are going to talk about the customers, I'll say that they have all been very friendly and inviting. 

I have been very happy with the store and the only improvements I would ask for are pretty minor in the grand scheme of things. (Please fix the Pepsi machine!)

I love this shop. It's a really great combo of stuff. People are chill and they have a lot of great products for sale. The card counter, is the best thing ever! 
That being said, I'll call ahead to make sure Sam isn't there if I want to go buy. For someone in customer service, he's a next level ass. Rude to people paying so that he has a job...not smart business practice. Joshua on the other hand, managed to make up for what Sam lacks. He was great.

Eudemonia has the challenge of being a secondary game store in a town mostly owned by Games of Berkeley.  As such, it does an admirable job holding its own.  Of course, it's main distinction/draw is the banks of computers available for online gaming - WoW, LoL, Halo, Starcraft 2, or what have you, at what seem like reasonable prices.  They also have an active M:tG community and run a lot of events.

I'm a bit of an odd duck as I do neither of those, but rather appreciate Eudemonia for its boardgame nights primarily.  The store stocks a decent amount of board games, including all the new and shiny ones, but doesn't focus its efforts (understandably) on competing in terms of selection with GoB.  Their play area in the back is well lit and relatively spacious, given constraints, and doesn't feel like an underground cave like GoB can.  The people who play are friendly and fun, and the staff at Eudo mostly seems eager to please.

I enjoy coming here when I can.  It's not the best game store in the Bay Area, but it's certainly worth a visit if you're around, or looking for fun.

I really wish I could give this store a better rating, but I can't.

First off, the majority of the people who come here are highly immature and do not know how to act in public. Another good 80% of those individuals have no clue that soap and deodorant keep you clean and hygienic.

Next offense? The attitude of the staff members. While several of the full-time staffers are VERY nice people and have excellent customer service skills, there are 3 to 4 guys that are always rude when you ask them for assistance with anything. Sorry, but at the prices this place charges, your staff should be smiling and willing to help customers in ANY way possible.

Finally, this building smells. Some days it stinks like a toilet has backed up and never cleaned.

While I love this type of store in general, I'd have to say Eudemonia is the WORST RPG/MTG shop I've visiting in the Bay Area.

It's not worth the schlep here to draft MTG; Oakland is closer and far better across the board; especially where customer service and maturity levels are concerned.

Customer service is lacking. The women are good, but the men have NO clue what customer service is. 

If I ask how they are today, they alway got some smart ass remark.. Or just plain don't say anything/ignore the question. 

They had NO computers to use and one computer was on, but not being used.. About an hour later an employee comes up and tells me it's his computer and that he works here and was using it... Should you he working and NOT on the computer? That why this place has horrible customer service, employees are ON computers rather than helping customers. Go clean that smelly bathroom or starting painting the  gross walls.. Do something. Leave me alone. 
And they are expensive.
3/8 favorite game is gone.. Wonder of they saw review.

$45 PTQ?! I'm not a poor nerd but that is way too high. Even with factoring in that it is a new high demand set, supplying product, prize support and paying judges...none of that matters, the entry fee should just be less.

I've only been here once but it was a pretty good experience. I paid around $10 for 3 hours of gaming PC time. The two games I wanted to play, Mechwarrior Online and Planetside 2, were not up-to-date on their systems, so I spent at least 40 minutes just waiting for the games to patch themselves.

 I told the store people what was going on and they added those 40 minutes back to my account. They let me browse the web through Firefox during the update time too.

MechWarrior Online ran really well on their systems. High frame rate at 1920x1080 resolution. Planetside 2 ran very poorly whenever I got into a big battle, and big battles are that game's selling point, so that wasn't very fun. But I hear that game runs poorly on even the beefiest machines, so I don't know how much of the issue is because of Eudomonia's machine build quality. Whatever the cause, I can't recommend Planetside 2 at Eudomonia. Frame rate was just too low.

Overall Eudemonia was a pretty cool place. It's in a great location surrounded by lots of nice places to eat, too. From what I can tell, it's the only gaming LAN center available in the San Fran-Oakland area. Keep this place alive! It's all we got!

I hope they install Chivalry and Natural Selection 2 some day, too. :)

When you own and run a business that attracts the MMORPG/Magic/Dungeons and Dragons crowd, that doesn't mean that you should let both the interior and exterior of your establishment reflect the unkempt, grimy, apathetic stereotype of the nerd. As I walked in I was slammed with the scent of unshowered bodies and social ineptitude; moving forward I will admit I was impressed with the varied array of chips, soft drinks, candies, and instant noodles they had for sale -  a paradise for the junk food junkie like myself, as well as for the online warrior too busy leveling up to care about eating real food. The two young people behind the counter severely lacked in customer service and manners; yes, because being surrounded by sweating, heavy-breathing, high-pitched, nasal-voiced, awkward WoW players all day and night somehow entitles you to be an asshole to potential customers. Their greetings were half-assed and uninterested at best, and when asked questions there was no rush to help you out nor any feeling of you being a valued customer whatsoever.

The entire place, while huge, still managed to feel dim and poorly maintained. It felt like everything was thrown together haphazardly and with little effort or pride taken into the appearance of anything in the store. Rows and rows of computers line the interior of the place, and there's a room in the back used for Magic and other card games. What didn't impress me, however, were the stacks of boxes and other miscellaneous items laying around the room, including various chairs, some of which were broken, and bins filled with who-knows-what. Essentially the owners are using the back meeting room for storage as well as cards. Not particularly professional. In general I wouldn't return to this place; there are so many other, better gaming shops in the bay area you can go to where the owners have a sense of respect for not only their patrons, but also for the store itself. Although the angry exclamations from the gamers on their computers were priceless enough to listen to that I'd make a return visit only once more. Maybe. That may be giving this place way too much credit.

Meh. Not much to say about the LAN center part here. I've visited my vast share of LAN centers, but this one is probably the least organized. Nearly half of the very little selection of computers were out of order, and the layout of said computers are terrible! I suppose it's hard to format a good layout with such a narrow store. Their selection of games were all of the popular games, of course, but nothing more. It's cool, cause we were only there to play 1.6.

The store section was pretty cool. There were a ton of junk food, sodas, and energy drinks for sale. Along with a shitton of board games. There were also a whole lot of people playing MTG &amp; D&amp;D in the back room.

I guess what made me dislike this place was the snottiness of the workers there. TERRIBLE customer service. I'm sorry, I don't play MTG or D&amp;D, but when it comes to computer games, I will knowledge the fuck out of you. So don't turn your nose on me when I ask you questions about YOUR store and mumble some piece of crap I cannot comprehend because I LOOK LIKE someone who wouldn't know shit about anything geeky.

Horrible smell. Sorry, there is no way I'd ever get used to this level of reekosity.

They're an okay store. If you need a singleton of a certain card without having to spend 20 dollars to go to San Jose, then it is a good place to go. One of a few places in the SF Bay Area who will have most of the items I am looking for available at a reasonable price without having to wait for it to come through the mail at most times.

1/2 of their staff are okay. But the other half depending on when you go, are outright jerks at times.

I hate their 1 set policy which pisses the living daylights out of anyone who needs 8 copies on the spot for 2 different decks. 

The table layout has gone to the dogs. They used to be right in the same room as the computers. But as more people wanted to play Starcraft II and Cod Games, they moved those same tables to the rear. What I hate about the current layout is the backdoor. Especially when the wind is blowing in that direction where you're playing.

I would recommend going if you want to play some fast games without having to buy so much coffee or for fast cards. But other than that, I wouldn't bother with the computers. There is better things to do with your money that blow it up on an makeshift internet cafe.

Most of the negative reviews here are for the staff, which I understand, but would like to counter. This is not a regular retail shop. Not really the place to go with your friends to casually look around at games and laugh at stupid looking drinking games. The staff, while not the best at customer service, really know their shit, and thats important for a shop like this. I can't help but think it might be hard to find a good amount of crossover between trained customer service workers and serious gamers. Basically, cut them some slack, and keep in mind that you (oh high and mighty reviewers) might actually have to treat these guys more like real people than other customer service workers to get what you want.

I love just stopping by this store and browsing their games.  They always have an interesting assortment of strategy games.  And their top 10 lists are also helpful.  

I know games can be cheaper online, but there's something satisfying in being able to walk into a store and gaze at all their games.

If you're wondering where all those socially awkward kids you knew in high school ended up, they go to places like this. All the cliches are here. Overweight nerds, with interesting facial hair and oversized superhero shirts behaving like comic book guy from the Simpsons. You know, nerd BO and the high voices remind you you're not in the rest of Berkeley

It was places like this, I learned about different kind of geeks and that as far as socializing goes. Not really the place to talk to people. Everyone is wrapped up in their computer games playing overpriced prices. I enjoyed watching board games. But hanging out? Not especially.

I used my computer here when it broke down. But if I had a choice, I wouldn't have went here. Sorry.

Customer service is atrocious. The guys behind the counter never want to help are are very rude to customers. The girl is nice though. Too bad, because the otherwise have a great selection.

Walk in with a dog and you're cool.  Walk in with a bike and you're a menace.  They wouldn't even talk to me so I could explain I had forgot my bike lock but just wanted to quickly purchase Carcassone. Goodbye Eudemonia, Hello Amazon.

Are you an Asian girl?

Is your boyfriend Asian? 

If so, please call Eudemonia, because chances are, your boyfriend is a hardcore gamer like my boyfriend is.

I came here with the boyfriend one Saturday night for a GSL viewing party for StarCraft 2 (which means a gaming competition party of some sort). I've never been to a computer-thing-game-thing store/area/whatever before coming here. (My non-gamer status should be really clear now after that horrible sentence.)  Though I don't play the game the boyfriend does, I'm super interested in watching it, so yes, it is exciting to me.

The store seems a little run-down, but I'd call it homey. There are rows of computers, board games, card games, and snacks and drinks. It's basically a gamer's paradise; a place where a gamer can chill with fellow gamers. 

What I didn't like about it was the unisex bathrooms, haha. Since they have two, why couldn't one be for guys and one be for girls?

This place was cool. The lady up front who helped me was pretty nice. They had everything you need in a LAN center, good games and good players. 

$10 to play all night on monday wasnt bad either.

Oh and the place does smell weird...but what do you expect when you put a ton of nerds in one room :)

side note: random door in the ceiling?

This place is great...overall.
When you walk in you're instantly bombarded with product. Mainly board games.
After you're hit with a ray of light shining from the sunroof which is where the register and display cases are. 
Afterwards you're smothered in darkness and enter the gaming section ( computers)
I've only been here once and I must tell you I'm not satisfied.
I found out about this place from my cousin who praised about this store. So I decided to check it out.
Positive:
1. Open to anyone
2. Good hours 
3. Friendly environment 
4. Mediocre customer service ( the Guy stayed on the computer the whole time...didn't help at all)
5. Vast selection of mtg 
6. A lot of computers to play on
7. Organized
8. In the back you can play cards ( separate section of the store)

Negative:
1. Overpriced mtg foils.
2. No customer service or lack of
3. When asking for cards they just refer you to look at their website to see if they have it and for how much they sell it for. No customer interaction whatsoever. 

The store itself I'm pretty sure is successful but I mean every single card for mtg I asked for was overpriced. For example:
Niv mizzet the firemind promotional foil goes for $35-40.
They sold it for $100+ ( I asked if this was right he said no but wouldn't fix it...I was going to buy it but didn't)
Ink eyes servant of oni promotional foil goes for $5-8
They sold it for $22 ( I asked I this was right...he knodded yes)
Their unlimited stuff were cranked up at least $30 more than normal price.
I had one mission going into the store...to spend at least $100 on mtg cards for my cube.
I spent a total of $14
Everything was seriously overpriced.
Don't get me wrong...its a good store with many customers and a good selection of magic Cards and other tcg but they don't have my vote on pricing.

All in all I would only come back to this store if no other store has magic cards. Because with the way they price things I might as well play yugioh.

2.5 stars.

The employees here are real pricks (I understand you are working in a disturbing, haunting environment with the hordes of 'league of legends' drones, but that cannot compensate for the majority of these aged-20's employee's frequently disgusting and appalling attitudes). They'll laze about, sheepishly responding to customer's needs, consume their dismally odoriferous food openly, and even hop on the gaming-rigs themselves. Just some good ol' boys, huh? Asses, and they get sizable discounts on the store's goods while the rest are met with it's price increases.

I only tolerate this piece of work.

If you're into nerd B.O. this is the place to go. You see, there are rows and rows of computers where you can play against other people online. So that shouldn't surprise you that this area is populated with nerds. Nerds with powerful B.O.

Once when I visited a Magic: The Gathering tournament in NYC that took up the entire fourth floor of a building, I was amazed at how the nerd B.O. hit me as soon as the elevator doors opened. And that was powerful hundreds-of-nerds-B.O.

But I digress.

There is only a small area for games, but Eudemonia has a pretty good assortment of strategy and card games like Settlers of Catan, Ticket to Ride, Munchkins and all their permutations. Their prices are on par with Games of Berkeley down the street.

Eu de man now dog!

I'm really happy with these guys. Their location could be better, but you have to start somewhere, right? The store is well setup, the employees are helpful, and nice. The regulars seem cool too. I did my first tournament in Legacy here and I think I will go back, if they have another one. I recommend these folks.

When I'm in here I feel like a granny with blue hair and support hose, with my calculation, the median age is about 12.5! Where should I park my walker? So minus one star dammit! With that aside, Eudemonia is a well run game store/Internet lounge. It's so amusing to witness the obsession with gaming first hand.
Those whippersnapper's really get riled up!
The co-owner Tim, is super friendly/informative/helpful and makes a point to always keep the customer in mind...the staff in general is great, they make a huge effort to know you by name. Extensive selection of snacks and drinks when you get the munchies from too much ethernet.

The implementation of lan center software is remarkably smooth. You have a Eudemonia computer account, and your personal settings like WoW keybindings, addon settings, and such, persist across time and between different computers. The actual computer gaming experience at Eudemonia is quite good, if a bit pricey compared to playing at home by yourself. Yet if you happen to play WoW on Tichondrius, you might make some new friends at "eudo."

Staff is incredibly friendly; they're people who are gamers themselves and the passion shows. Yet while they might know a lot, they're not pushy in terms of trying to sell you something. The people are cool, and even the owners play some DotA and WoW.

Headsets are attached to computers, and McDonald's/Arrinell's are within easy walking distance if you need a gaming break.

This place is really gross. I felt like I was going catch the flu or some kind of disease while I was there. It just reeked of BO, unwashed bodies....just GROSS. I can't even finish this review because all I can think of was how disgusting it was in there. I'm pretty sure I will not be going back.

Pretty Cool Place, if you like gaming, like Magic: The Gathering. I came here a long time ago, and have not come back, due to not playing Magic anymore. It's pricey here.

Excellent. I've been looking for a PC gaming place to make my home for a while now. Lots of PC's with large LCD's. Decent section of networked games. I came here to place 'Command and Conquer.' Preferably 'Command and Conquer: Tiberium Wars' or 'The First Decade'. Both are my ultimate favorite games of all time. They had these both listed on their 'games supported list' on the counter however they were not installed on the machines. I already knew this because I had e-mailed and asked. They told me that if I were to gather some folks together for a regular meet-up they could re-install it for me, so I'm glad they are willing to work with me. I really would love to get a regular meet-up going here to play C&amp;C. 

***Please if anyone else is interested in meeting up to play on a regular basis please send me a message. I'm open to any night, but I'm going to throw out Thursday nights from 6pm-midnight to start.*** get in touch for updates.

Now since they don't have the two main games I love. They did have C&amp;C Red Alert 3. Which is by far the most boring in the series. That said. I'll still play it for anyone wanting to get started.

i used to enjoy venturing out to this shop on occasion, but i will no longer after my visit today. i inquired about the price of a card, and the person was surprised how much it cost. i found the reaction odd due to the fact that there is a huge tournament scene in the shop, but i shrugged it off. i then start asking for trade in values on cards that i have, and the guy helping me was commenting on how some cards were bad as well as other condescending remarks. his smugness and lack of customer service really ruined my mood. i understand not every card is worth a lot or that they may be overstocked, but as a customer i should be at least humored into thinking that doing business with me matters.

If only I could give negative stars! Let me tell you that this place has such bad customer service that I HAD to open a Yelp account. 
At 1:44 p.m. I call asking for a price and stock check on an item. I liked the price so I decided to head over as soon as I got off work. Got off work, rode my bike from East Oakland to Berkeley and arrived at 4:05 p.m. 
I walked up to the register and asked for the item. (This is where things go down hill) Then the girl at the register mumbled something like,  "You can't buy it..."  I start fuming, "our boss said we had to up the price like 4 hours ago." Mind you, there are signs everywhere pricing the item at the price I was told over the phone. I think to myself, "I know it's difficult to remove printer paper held up by masking tape" so I give the girl a second chance to save the sale. I mention the call and the signs, then I ask her if there is anyway I could still receive the price. She called for the manager, and she explains to him the situation, he responds, "No... sorry." 
I think to myself "I'm sorry, but SORRY doesn't cut it!" I keep my cool....
I muster up some words through the exhaustion and anger that I think is a plea for the price I was told. He said, "I'm not understanding you." Of course you aren't, I'm angry and tired! I keep my cool.... I say that I'll just buy it on-line and leave. 
Now that you know what went down I hope you will take your business else where. Stand-Up Comics has far better customer service; in fact, compared to Eudemonia, the customer service is equal to Bloomingdale's, where Eudemonia customer service is equal to a Liquor store. I have worked countless retail jobs, and managed a few, I know that you can get bad customers that complain a little more than the average guy and end up getting what they want. Even though I should have done just that, I am not this person, I think those people are terrible, so I just walked away. I hope that the manager has other plans for the future, because if he ends up managing this place for 5 or 10 years with that service etiquette, I predict a huge loss in patronage.

Sorry.

A great place to hang out with friends.  They have tables you can sit and play boardgames for free - how many stores have that?

You gotta love a spot started by a geek for geeks to geek out in both meat space and net space as they wish.

I love the prices of everything and the right sourcing of games and products that are new and useful makes this a primary Berkeley attraction.

The game room here has simply dwarfed the traffic of Games of Berkeley- nuff said

I love this place.

Seeing the fellow geek kind(I am a geek in disguise) is normally reserved for comic cons or heavy metal concerts.

But when I went here today, I was at home...I saw a D&amp;D game, had a discussion about the minds of moria, and just enjoyed it...

If your a gamer or an outcast...you belong here. It is a great place for kids and fun.

Great LAN PC Center in Berkeley! One of the few that still exist in the Bay Area. It's really an exceptional place. Yesterday we just had a Starcraft LAN party at this place and the place is just wonderful. The staff are incredibly friendly and very helpful, and the rates are very decently priced! $16 will be enough to get you an all-day pass for the computers. We had about 15 people and had a great time.

PCs are equipped with a lot of games, including new ones like Heroes of Newerth. Didn't check out the trading cards much, but it seems they've got a pretty good selection. They also have some tables for people to play TCGs on and stuff. A lot of computers, around 40 or so, so you should be able to find a computer. They also have energy drinks things like that for sale so you can game as much as you want. Pretty convenient location as well, it's very close to BART and a few fast foods like McDonalds, a quick cut across the Berkeley campus will lead you to a lot of restaurants too (15 minute walk).

Really great place to be and definitely coming back whenever I can! 

-Conan

This is a pretty great store. If you are into TCGs or Roleplaying Games this is the best place to play them. I would almost say that this is the best place to buy them, but sometimes Games of Berkeley has better prices. That being said, the people at Games of Berkeley can be a bit disagreeable and there is no play space. While at Eudemonia you can play for at long as you want in the spacious gaming room and as long as you don't eat food in the store, the people there are pretty chill.

 If you go there, ask if Curtis is in. I think he sort of works there sporadically now, but even if he's not working he'll probably be there. He has a suitcase with top-tier decks for pretty much every trading card game on the market. He'll first tell you how he doesn't really play Magic the Gathering anymore and how he's not that into it, then he'll destroy you with an incredibly well made deck. Afterwards, however, he'll help you take apart your deck and show you how to make it better, all the while cracking jokes. All in all a great guy.

As far as the computers, the prices for gaming are decent and they have a good selection of the most popular multiplayer PC gaming titles out right now, but my computer is good enough at home that I tend to just buy games and play them at my leisure. So, I don't tend to play computer games there very much.

Try to befriend one of the owners, Dean. You can't miss him... how many 6'4" frankenstein-esk Chinese guys are around? He's really friendly and knowledgeable about almost anything, not just boardgames. He makes great recommendations - games, restaurants, websites to surf, etc.

Alright I stumbled upon this place with a suggestion to another good friend of mine and also fellow yelper Brian.

Now, coming upon this place, one would suggest that I certainly don't seem like the "Gamer Nerd" who would call upon my mighty Arcades Sabboth and kill thee with 7/7 power and +0/+2 toughness for every untapped creature on the field...

"FEEL MY HAVOC MORTAL!"

...*ahem* *clears throat and fixes collar*..

Well the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable when it comes to Magic The Gathering (or MTG) for short. But, they have a nice array of games for sale and a built in internet cafe (did someone mention Starcraft 2 LAN Party in the future?)

Long story short, yes I'm reliving my childhood...every bit of it, until I dredge the horrible 9-5/ College Student madness to occur in Fall Term...so salutations to you Eudemonia, you earn the rating especially after 4 years establishment.

Spock...Beam Me Up.

I had always walked by this place and looked inside and wondered what are all those nerds doing on those computers, planning world domination? Well I was right they ARE planning world domination...in the World of Warcraft. Get it? Ok so it was a bad joke. Leeeeeeroyyy Jenkinssssss!!! Ok another bad joke (but I have so many). 

Anyways I finally ended up going into this store because they had a huge sign out front that said 25% off all board games. I had been wanting to buy some board games recently so I decided to go in. They had a huge selection so I ended up spending a good hour looking though them all and deciding what to get. I ended up with Risk and Scrabble, though they had practically every game I had ever heard of: Jenga, Monopoly, Clue, Trivial Pursuit, Battleship, Othello, Life, Connect Four, and the list goes on. I was disappointed because what I was really looking for was Girl Talk...ok ok, I kid i kid. No what I was really looking for was Axis and Allies and they didn't have it so I ended up with Risk. 

The two games only cost me $30 with the 25% off. That is unheard of considering right now on Amazon.com Risk is $35.67 and Scrabble is $14.23. Awwwesome deal!

Update: Played Risk with two boys this weekend and kicked both their butts! I now go by either Queen of the World or Madame Tyrant, whichever you prefer.

Love this place! Gamers heaven. Would highly recommend to anyone!

Good selection of board and card games, and often at a discount. They also have Homestarrunner T-shirts and bags and Cthulu dolls.

But there are two other things Eudemonia does well. They have a good internet gaming section where you can rent machines ($2/hr bulk purchase) and play networked games like Battlefield 2, Half Life, etc.

The remaining area where Eudemonia is strong, and perhaps better than any other place in the East Bay? They have a *great* selection of caffeinated sodas, including what seem to be occasional test marketed weird variants (a bottled Jolt/Starbucks espresso boilermaker comes to mind).

The place is comfortable and fairly laid back. The game tables at the back of the place are free. I'm glad a place like this exists in Berkeley. It's clearly run by gamers for gamers.

This is a really fun place to go with a few buddies, and kill eachother on computer games. My brother used to take me and my cousins here, and it was a great time for all of us. The staff is friendly, and the young kids can get a bit boisterous after they have gotten all hyped up on mountain dew, but I recommend this place highly.

Right out of the box I am gonna say that when it comes to "virtual reality games"...I know virtually nothing. While not especially clever, it IS a true statement, and what I do not understand about computer generated games compared with what I DO know about places based on intuition?? Well, no comparison.

While taking care of business across the street at my favorite Ace Hardware Store, my sons spied the Eudemonia &amp; stated this was a place they had "always wanted to go"...which means someone at school this week mentioned it. You know when you walk in that things are gonna go south quickly for someone like me...first of all (and not ironically) Lynrd Skynrd's "Ooh That Smell" was blasting from the stereo. We could just leave it at that, but I'll elaborate. Consider this a warning, however.

There is a selection of all manner of games on shelves which seem to be fairly average, tho' again, I'm no expert. None of the merchandise lured my 3 sons (which says it all). Toward the rear of the store are rows &amp; rows of computer terminals (think neat, even rows like Catholic school). I'll bet the people with their butts parked here pay more attention to the flashing violence on their screens than they ever paid in school...The people were, without exception, overweight, pasty, and totally absorbed in worlds bearing no resemblance to any reality I'm familiar with. Most of them looked as tho' they could use a dose of sunshine, lose 20#s by getting outside, and to quit jamming their pie-holes with the crap food which is also sold there. The "edible" items include loads of chips, candy, "energy drinks" (cause it sure takes a lot of energy to push some keyboard buttons, hoo yeah!), and then glucose packets, which purport to keep you energized for 5 hours.  The person lurking (I mean, "working") behind the counter also fit the description of the patrons...The whole environment just smelled bad, like BO and stale candy...hopefully, this is not a turn on for some of you...

As we left my oldest son, who usually is drawn to this type of thing, summed the experience up quite succinctly:
"Mom, this place is kinda lame."
Now, when a 12 year old boy says this about a place pretty much geared for this mentality, I'm just gonna leave it at that.

So I'm a dork, sometimes, but I love board games.  Not your Monopoly variety, more like Diplomacy, Axis &amp; Allies, that sort of thing. Gamers Unite!

The place is great for Eurogames on thursday nights, assuming your into that sort of thing.  There's always a crowd on that night with people playing privateer press games, dnd, or computer.  They don't have the largest selection of games and things to buy but the atmosphere is great!  If you're into hobbies and such, give them a look see!

Probably fine for other people, but lacking much in the way of strategy games so not of interest to me.

I've always been a big fan of Eudemonia, but after a blow out experience, I owe them a review. I actually just signed up for a yelp account specifically to do this.

I'm going to start them with 3 stars.

+ 1 stars for their selection of board games. While their selection is not quite as complete as Games of Berkeley, it is ample, with all my favorites.

+ 1 star for being brightly lit. So many game stores are lit like basements.

+1 for being clean. So many game stores are dirty like basements.

+1 for reasonable prices/prize structure. e.g. it costs $12 for a Magic: the Gathering draft. store credit is something like $15 for 3-0, $12 for 2-1. To put that in perspective that the MSRP of three MtG packs is $12 + tax.

+1 for being spacious and having ample play space. So many game stores are packed full of crap like basements.

+1 for wooden tables. So classy.

+2 for the staff ordering us all pizza for the midnight event I just played there. I mean seriously, free pizza??

+1 for a website that is relatively well designed, and regularly updated.

-2 for their website not specifying that the midnight magic event was two-headed giant draft, instead of plain old draft.

+1 for friendly staff.

+1 for friendly customers.

+1 for being by BART.

+1 for reasonable for CCG singles purchase prices. They do only give out store credit, but their buyback prices are very fair for a brick and mortar store.

+1323 for them locating the pile of cards I accidentally left in the store, and acknowledging my ownership of them. It was such an easy, easy chance to screw me to their benefit, and they didn't do it. 

Totalling that up, we get... 1337 stars - but Yelp doesn't seem to go that high. Eudemonia is hands down best in class for card shops.

I frequent this store mainly with my boyfriend who is a huge World of War-craft and Magic player. I usually just browse the web and snicker at the tweens who are way to into the games they are playing. Contrary to the most recent views I believe the staff is very helpful and friendly. In particular, Dean (the owner), Jamal, Kyle, Will, and although I have only seen her once Judy. Dean, even recommended games I might like and as well as solicited my opinion for games I would like to see added, he always go above and beyond. Overall, great store, great attitude and service. I recommend it to anyone.

I'm with Nish, the selection here is rather small though, I prefer browsing in Games of Berkeley which, while more eclectic, also has more of all the genres.  Still, worth popping into as you never know what they might have.

