Yelp 100 Challenge 2017 32/100

This was my first time going to an escape room so I had no idea what to expect. My friends were worried it'd be too hard so they didn't want to go. We did the Sherlock room with 3 people we didn't know, for a total of 8 people. Our host was Haval and he was funny and so nice. If you want to try to get on the all-star photo board at the front lobby, you can only use one hint. Otherwise, you can use as many as you want. It was pretty clear that we would need a lot of help and Haval was very generous with the hints. We just waved at the camera as a group to ask for a hint, which he typed on the screen. 

I loved that this is a multi-room one so we weren't all stuck in one room. The puzzles were so much fun to solve and ranged from easy to hard. The rooms were nicely set up and surprisingly spacious. Price is $30 a person. We had so much fun and I can't wait to come back. Even my friends who didn't want to come are talking about doing this again.

Big shout-out to Chad and Team for going above and beyond to ensure our group had the best escape room experience after falling short of that on our first visit. Chad contacted me within 24 hours of my sub-par review on their Masquerade Room and offered us a fully comp'ed Sherlock room to remedy the situation. After going back and forth via email, Chad agreed to have one of his Assistant Managers (Hoval?) go in earlier on their non-business hours to help run the room. This level of personal care and flexibility is truly a testament of Exodus' genuine care for their customers. Our group was thoroughly impressed by the level of professionalism Chad and team had shown throughout the interaction. 

Now onto the Sherlock Room itself. We were able to escape (three of us) with 9 minutes remaining using just one hint. We wouldn't have needed that hint if it wasn't for one of the clues that got knocked down behind a table and remained hidden from our sight. Regardless, we thought the clues were challengingly and fun. We were surely amazed by some of the mechanisms in the room. The flow of the game was smooth - it was well organized and thought-out. The creativity in this room separates Exodus from its competitors by a large margin. Definitely see why this is a highly reviewed and rated room. 

Overall, whether you're an escape room newbie or veteran, the Sherlock room is a must-try. I am excited to see the Exodus franchise expand to more locations in SoCal (bring one to Irvine!). Chad and Team are amazing. Thank you guys again for your world-class service.

This was my first Escape room and it blew my expectations away!!! The decor, props, locks and puzzles were SO intricately thought out and clever. It really pushes you to think outside of the box and decode the clues in really interesting and unique ways. Encourage each other to pitch in any and all ideas no matter how far-fetched they may sound! My friends and I had such an adrenaline rush that we screamed each time we figured out a puzzle lol. Man, it was so fun. 

Our group of 4 ($30 per person) did the Exodus which is good for 2-4 people. The other two rooms (Sherlock and Masquerade) allows up to 8 people. We escaped with 30 seconds remaining on the clock!!! We did ask for ONE hint but they straight up gave us the answer :( Looking back, the puzzles weren't incredibly difficult as I thought they would be so I would recommend this room to first timers!

I want to preface this review with my girlfriend and I have been to a handful of escape rooms. I can honestly say that I was surprised and happy with how our experience at Exodus went and has earned my current favorite escape room location. 

I took my girlfriend on a Saturday and we did the Exodus escape room for 2-4 players.

As other reviews state, the first part of escaping the escape room was getting into the room to begin with. The plaza it is located in is tucked away behind a gas station and the entrance is shared with an In-n-Out, making it hard to turn into said plaza. However, once inside, parking is plentiful. It's a quick ways up the stairs and you'll immediately see the store with its painted windows. 

Our experience with the Exodus room was enjoyable. The puzzles were fun. The thing I enjoyed most were the locks were all varying. I've been to escape rooms where all the locks were either enter in a five digit code to unlock it or get the key to unlock the next lock sort of deal. With Exodus, it varied from directional locks to key locks to input locks. There are other things in the room but I will avoid spoilers. 

The overall decor of the Exodus room was enjoyable as well. I have seen rooms that either place too much decor, distracting you from what could be a clue or just a prop, or rooms without any decor at all, where literally the lock box was placed in a corner of the room because there was no place to hide it. Exodus has a nice blend and balance of decor. 

I highly recommend the Exodus escape room!

Okay, so this place set the the standard for escape rooms for me. 

My friends and I were visiting from out of town and wanted something fun we could do together as a group, luckily this place wasn't too far from where we were staying. We are a group of 8 so sometimes it's hard to find an activity we can do together, without having to split up. The prices are a bit high, but the experience was well worth it. 

I love that they set the mood with a background story and there was a big screen that showed us exactly how much time we had left. The clues were clever, but not impossible to figure out. It took some logic and thinking out the box. They get a huge thumbs up from me for having enough things for everyone to do simultaneously. All 8 of us were hard at work trying to solve puzzles and find clues. We escaped with maybe 5 mins to spare. Being that it was all of our first times, we were happy to have just escaped. Maybe next time we'll try to make it on the board.  

It's hard to say more without giving too much away, but if you're a fan of escape rooms or someone looking to try something new, I would recommend Exodus.

This was our first time to an escape room and we went with 6 kids ages 10-13.  We did the Sherlock Holmes room and it was awesome.  Age appropriate but just as fun and challenging for all, including my husband and myself.  Brandon and Ryan were the ones helping us and they were amazing. I have already recommended this place to many of our friends and will continue to do so. My daughter had so much fun, she wants to go back with friends for her Birthday.  I definitely recommend this escape room experience.

We had so much fun tonight! The staff was amazing and the Masquerade Room we did was a good one. We can't wait to go back for more fun. I highly recommend this to any group looking to do something different that will make you work together to make your way out.

Took my gf for a date night here and it was an amazing experience. First of all RYAN is awesome, it's great to see someone who is actually passionate about escape room giving us first timers a run down. The room it self was so fun! Challenging and they are willing to give u helpful full nudges in the right direction without spoiling the game. Recommended for sure! Awesome place. We did the Egypt room and got SOOOO CLOSE with two people , definitely will be back with more to try a harder room. Egypt is recommended for first timers! Great intro to escaping

We had a blast in the Sherlock Holmes escape room tonight. Thanks so much to Ryan the incredible host. He was very informative and fun. Also he is really good at the Macarena. Will definitely come back to do another room. We already did the Egypt room and we have our masks ready for the masquerade room. Thanks Exodus!

Sherlock's Study was my second escape room, and I was impressed! I'd done one escape room before in Seattle, and it was incredibly difficult so we didn't make it out in time. 

Both hosts who greeted us when we checked in were very professional, and I could tell they were really making an effort to cover all bases and genuinely give us a great experience. When we were walked into the room, I have to admit, I was a little underwhelmed - but honestly this is what made the whole experience amazing. Things are not what they seem!

The clues were so well thought-out, and our group really had a fun time. It wasn't insanely difficult, but it wasn't easy either! Wonderfully done, professional, clever and fun! Definitely would recommend!

Third escape room place we've been to, by far the best one. My girlfriend (who I love dearly and insisted that I mention that fact) and I did the Pharaoh Exodus room and it was really well decorated, the puzzles were top notch and logic based (none of that trial and error garbage some escape rooms try to pass off as "puzzles"), and it was very satisfying to complete. Haval, who I'm guessing is the manager based on other reviews, was great at setting the tone and feel of the room and was very helpful when we needed some hints. 

We finished in roughly 35 minutes but unfortunately didn't make it onto the leaderboard. Nonetheless, it was a fantastic experience and would love to go back. I'm afraid it may have ruined other escape rooms for us.

Went to Exodus Escape Room today with a group of friends and it was so much fun!  We had a group of 8 plus 2 small kids (8 months and 21 months).  We did the Sherlock room.  
It was great and totally fine with the little ones!  We had a great time!
Oh and our host Ryan was really wonderful too!  He was really funny and accommodating of our weird little group.

This room had a lot of twists and turns to the puzzles. I played the masquerade manor which was my 5th room at the time and there were some cool aspects to the puzzles that I hadn't seen in other rooms at the time. Played with strangers who were somewhat helpful and the other half not knowing what to do with themselves..but besides that. I liked the puzzles going with the theme and storyline. I wish it had more transitions and room to play but overall it was great as far as the puzzles aspect.

I lool forward to try their other locations!

Exodus was one of the first escape rooms open in OC so I constantly heard people mention it. We had the opportunity to visit a few months back at their old location on La Palma (they are near the In &amp; Out now) and it was an enjoyable experience. Chad and the whole team are really nice and enthusiastic about their business which makes it fun for us. Sherlock was the room we went to and it was a nice room with a bookcase and a desk. The clues were varied, which was nice (we got completely stuck on one!) but the setting and clues went together well. We were grouped with a few other people and sadly they were late so we had to wait 15 minutes for them. It all worked out though. I heard things have changed (for the better) in their new location and I'm excited to get back there again and try the other rooms. 4.5 stars!

Although this is a bit of an easier room to figure out everything gets intensified when you start off in a dark room.  Yes, the lights are off.  Handcufffed to the wall.  Everyone is handcuffed to the wall in the dark.  And now the game begins afoot.

I have not revealed anything that has not been already said in previous reviews.  Just so you know.

If you like playing escape rooms then I do recommend playing TRAPPED.  It is a barrel of adrenaline fun.  My son and I signed up didn't know who we were playing with but we ended up with 4 nice dudes from Arizona.  It is great way to meet new people, spend some time using the old noggin, playing a real life game instead of on the phone, and burn some calories.

Wish I could have played more.

It was our first time at an escape room and we loved it! We were a group of 4 and really enjoyed ourselves. Definitely an awesome new and different experience! Nathan was great, super helpful, and he's got jokes! We really enjoyed our time, hope to be back soon!

My friends and I did this last weekend, and had a great time.  We were giant losers at the end by not making it out in time, but we had a blast doing it.  

I would highly recommend gathering a small group of friends to do this with one evening.  It was so much fun!  Very challenging.

I would give Exodus 5 stars but for one major issue, so it gets 4 stars. 

I came here last week with 4 other friends, and we signed up for the Masquerade Mansion room. We escaped! 
The staff helping us were engaged, helpful, and very entertaining. Overall, I had a positive experience. My friends and I all enjoyed the puzzles and the theme of the Masquerade Mansion. 

However, the BIG issue our whole group had with this room was that it was way too crowded. When we booked our group of 5, we knew from previous reviews that this room would be too cramped for any more than that. Up until the day before our booking, our room only had the 5 of us. The night before our booking, 3 more people joined our group, which worried me. 

I was right to worry. We were constantly bumping into each other, and to be honest, we didn't fit comfortably in the rooms, so there were times when almost half of us would be standing in a previous room just to give the others space in the next room. This felt like time wasted because those of us standing in the previous room didn't really get to work on the puzzles in the next room. 

So although the escape room seemed well-thought-out and I was happy with all other aspects, the over-crowded rooms were a downside for our group.

Chad (the owner?) was extremely personable, social and friendly. At one point he overheard my sister and I mention that we were thirsty, and he brought us some waters "on the house"...but maybe he just does that for everyone.

The lobby and branding had a really fun, bold aesthetic (see photos). The whole place felt very clean. Some of the decorations on the wall came off for photo booth supplies, which was pretty neat. Also, good music selection in the lobby. But enough about that--time to get into the actual escape room.

Midnight Masquerade here was my first escape room. No spoilers in this review, but the whole thing was hellllllllla frustrating. 

I came here with my family; my brother and dad have done a number of escape rooms with other companies and were able to do some comparisons for me. From what I hear this room had fewer clues/puzzles to solve than other locations, but the puzzles were more difficult. Instead of lots of easier puzzles to solve, there were a few harder main puzzles to solve. This makes it feel as though you're not making much progress as you solve the puzzles.

The room was pretty tight; we had 5 people and it was pretty cramped; 8 people (the max for that room) would have been waaaaay too right. 

They only give you one clue during the whole hour (other places give you 3 or 4)

Theme and execution were kinda meh (lots of creative hiding places), but the execution of the theme felt low-budget

Expectations: one large room, lots of props, lots and lots of puzzles (easy and hard), intense decorations. Basically, National Treasure.

Reality: a few small rooms that interconnect, sparse decorations, elaborate clues/puzzles, lots of abstract thinking to solve puzzles

Went here with my boyfriend and we had a very good time! Haval was extremely professional and made us feel a lot better about not escaping in time

Overall, the puzzles were definitely challenging enough!  We chose the "Exodus" themed room and with the two of us we were very close to escaping! I see on here a lot of people complaining about sparse decor, however the rooms are fairly small and I'd prefer that over too much furniture. 

10/10 Experience, my boyfriend and I plan on coming again!

This was my very FIRST escape room, and it was soo fun! I seriously enjoyed it. I love puzzles and stuff like this, so I don't know why it took me so long to finally do one of these. The people here are really friendly and helpful, and the location is easy to find. A few tips I would recommend:

1. LOCATION - make sure you have the right location. I didn't know there were two, and I ended up going to the one in Rowland Heights before I realized there was a second location, and I had to drive all the way to the one I booked at in Anaheim -_- But that was my fault for not checking. 

2. PEOPLE - We had to combine groups since we only had 4, so that was interesting. The people we were with were really cool though, but it did get crowded. I think 8 in a room is too many people. I would say 5 would be perfect, but we didn't really have any control of that. So just be aware, you might have to be paired with others...and it does get kind of hot and cramped at times. 

3. DIFFICULTY - So I didn't know this when I booked the room, but it would have been nice to know that each room has a different level of difficulty. We initially booked the hardest room, but were able to switch after a mix up, and we ended up in the least difficult level, which was perfect for our group since it was most of our first time doing an escape room. So just so you know, the level of difficulty, it starts with Sherlock - Exodus - Masquerade (Most difficult). Don't be fooled though, Sherlock may have been the least difficult, but it was still tricky. We cut it close and made it out with just over 5 minutes to spare.

Good Luck and hope you can make it out before the hour!

Awesome place! Came here to celebrate my birthday for a couples night out. We had so much fun. Our host Ryan was awesome, he made it quick and painless! We will be back to do the Mascaraed room!

This was a fun way to celebrate my birthday with my family. We were all first timers. We did the Sherlock Holmes room.  We had to solve the mystery and escape the room.  We managed both, although it took us the whole hour. It was really fun and challenging. Kristine (I think this was her name, sorry if I'm wrong) was very nice and funny.  We did YMCA arm movements to let her know we needed a clue.  I will definitely come back to the Anaheim location and do another room.

We celebrated 3 birthdays here yesterday and it was an awesome experience. We did the Sherlock Holmes escape room thinking we weren't going to need any clues... but it was a challenge. We finished on time with 4 mins to spare. It was very exciting!! Our host was Erin and she explained all the rules to us and was very polite and friendly! Can't wait to return for the next escape room.

I was looking for something different to do for a team building activity and decided on an escape room.  Most locations opened in the evening.  The Exodus Room in Anaheim opens at 11:30 and fit perfectly into our schedule.  The concept of the escape room was an excellent opportunity for our team to work together.  We were all newbies so the experience was refreshing and lots of fun.  And YES we hit the target and made our escape!!

"Sometimes you have to think like a bunch of 10 year old girl scouts! Just because your car broke down doesn't mean the only solution is to fix it. Sometimes you need to call in a helicopter." This was by far the best quote from our talks with the owner. It really rings true. Just because a helicopter isn't logical, doesn't mean it's wrong! It's a great solution to the present problem!

I've completed all the rooms at Exodus and they've all been equally pleasurable. The owner is such a treat. Very friendly and is genuinely into making his business successful. The waiting room is pleasant, clean, and always staffed. They have the best clue system I've seen and used.

Each room has unique puzzles! High quality components and decor complement each room. The use of technology is fantastic! Everything has a purpose and a place. I highly recommend this company for your escape room needs! 

I'm really looking forward to completing their new "Exodus" room soon!

Awesome service. Chad was extremely nice. We have been to almost all the rooms! I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good time!

My group and I have loved our experiences here at Exodus Escape Rooms. We've done Sherlock's Study and Masquerade Manor. The staff is always friendly and have added to the experience. They will laugh and joke with you, but don't expect any clues beforehand! We tried. They won't budge, haha. 

Sherlock's Study was a blast! It was definitely the easier of the two, although I would not say it was necessarily easy! We loved the variety of puzzles and clues. It's not just a mental game but also a physical game of opening locks, turning over objects, and basically turning a room upside down. 

Masquerade Manor was hard! I am a puzzle whiz but this room was legitimately a bang-your-head-on-the-wall-for-ideas kind of room. The staff told us that only 5% of participants make it through the room without taking a hint. (You get one free hint, at your request, throughout the puzzle). As much as I wanted to be part of the 5% and beat it without that hint, we absolutely had to. Once you opt for a hint, the staff will give you other hints via TV screen (where your time is displayed) throughout the puzzle room. So I guess it's not so much "one hint" as opting in for ongoing help, which most people appear to need! We certainly did. We beat the room with one minute to spare!!

Our group was so large that we had to split into two groups going at two different times. We split into girls versus boys. One of our groups did not finish the room! Guess who won? GIRLS! Haha!

We will be doing Trapped next! The staff told us that it is supposed to be a bit harder. We'll see!

Such a cool experience! This was my second time doing it and it was just as thrilling as the first! Challenging mind game!!! GO WITH SMART PEOPLE! Thanks to Ryan for the clues, guidance, and kindness! He was witty and perfect for our group of comedians ;)

I had an amazing time here! My siblings and I decided to have our first sibling date here. My brothers were skeptical about doing an escape room but we all had a blast! They won't  stop talking about their experience since. We did the Sherlock Study's Room and it was spot on. The decorations and props were amazing too. The ladies there were extremely nice and welcoming. We would definitely come back here.

Had a great time - host was super friendly, puzzle was hard enough to be rewarding when we finished!

Love, love this place and experience! My first time, couldn't escape!  I left there feeling really stupid, but super smart at he same time! FUN!!

Came here for a work "team building" outing and it was so much fun! It was great being in a team with coworkers that I don't interact with on a daily basis, as we were able to use our different mindsets and skills to figure it out. 

I'm not very competitive against other people, so this was a great activity for us to kind of be competitive towards ourselves, trying to beat the clock. 

Can't wait to come back with friends to try the other rooms! I used to be apprehensive of escape rooms because I thought they were meant to scare you, but Exodus wasn't scary at all!

I came here on a Sunday night with a group of 11 for our friend's birthday. We had absolutely no idea what was in store for us. The great thing was that lady in the front went over all the instructions and answered all of our questions and concerns. 

Before we knew it we were inside the Sherlock Holmes Escape room with 60 minutes on the clock ticking away. We scrambled around the room, which is actually pretty big, looking for clues. To our surprise, we were able to find a lot of clues but we also had chunks missing, so we collaborated and identified the areas we touched and didn't. No lie, but we are probably the group that screamed the most, every time we found a clue or gathered up together to read a clue, we would be screaming non-stop. In addition to being extra cautious of everything in the room, we were able to put all of our minds together to piece the puzzle together and finally escape the room in 45 minutes.

Honestly, I really enjoyed the Escape Room. My group not only worked together but we were able to grow and share an experience that we can look back on in the future. Right after we finished, we all made a circle and continued to talk about how we solved the mystery and whether or not we could've finished sooner, etc. We worked out brains extra hard inside the escape room, but afterwards, I feel like we worked them even harder, because we were able to piece together each aspect of the puzzle solving that ultimately added up to us finding the key and escaping.

I would definitely recommend this to everyone! Now, my friends are thinking of when and where our next Escape Room adventure will be.

I did the Exodus escape room last night with three of my friends. It was an Egyptian themed room. We had an amazing time!! The room was really challenging, and unfortunately we didn't make it out in time.  We're already planning on coming back to try out another room!

A group of 6 of us did this for a birthday gift and it was a first time for all of us! We did the Mannequin room, not knowing it was the hardest room. Haval was awesome and explained everything so well, and was quick to assist us when we had to throw up our hands and ask for a little help lol we were totally pumped throughout the whole experience and now we want to go back and do the rest of the rooms!

Place was really Fun . Thoroughly  thought out and explained well from the host Brandon had an excellent time and can't wait to do it again

Wow! Erin was fantastic! We did the Sherlock Study room for a friend's birthday, including 2 kids. We had a fabulous time solving the puzzles and everyone in our party was able to contribute. And we Beat the the Room! Highly recommend them!

This place is fun! We tried the Sherlock room with a group of about 8 people and managed to solve it with a few minutes to spare.

For this place, clues are scattered throughout a room and your objective is to find a key that unlocks the front door.

I've only been to two escape rooms so I don't have much to compare to but I'm more of a fan of multi-room experiences. This one I'd consider one room with one main puzzle. I've been to another place where you have to solve several puzzles to get through multiple rooms and through several doors.

If you like the one room experience then you've found your spot here. The staff are friendly and the clues are challenging but not impossible. I felt like it'd be unfair to take off one star just because it was a single room experience (that's just my personal preference).

If I could give this place 10 stars I would! SUCH a blast! My group just got out of the Masquerade room, and had such an amazing time doing so! Every single person there was absolutely amazing and so cool. Anyone that loves mind puzzles I highly recommend checking it out, I will absolutely be back to that and as many of their other locations as possible!

We did their Sherlock Holmes Study room tonight as a group of 3 and had a great time. Finished with 13 minutes to spare. :) I've been to several escape rooms around Orange County and the quality of this place ranks toward the top of my list.  The room itself was much larger than I expected and the clues were challenging, but nothing impossible. There was mysterious music playing in the background for ambience, and the overall decor made the room feel like a stranger's study.

The customer service was great. They do a great job of making you feel welcome and building up excitement for the room. It turns out we had a slight technical difficulty during our run, but someone from Exodus slipped into the room so quickly to ninja fix it that the other members of my group didn't even notice anything was off. 

Their TV system is something that I will miss when I go to other escape rooms.  They use it to not only display your time remaining, but to deliver hints as well.  They bring up a text editor to type up a quick message to your group.  For those who have gone to other escape rooms, this means you won't have a hard time trying to make out muffled words over a walkie-talkie and no one will awkwardly come into the room and ruin the magic by saying "So...what are you guys working on right now?"

Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.  Great room, great staff, great fun.  I went with two people that have never done an escape room before and based on this experience, they already want to go again.

Chad and staff  were amazing, great activity for family or friends I highly recommend it!

I was visiting family for the holidays, looking for things to do together. I went with my hubby and in-laws, we have played escape games before but my in-laws were newbies (I was really hoping they would enjoy it, a little nervous) We all had a blast!   We are all definitely coming back next time I am in town. 

Plenty of parking, great location!

Sunday was my first time in an escape room and my group of 7 people had a blast! We did the Sherlock escape room and our guide Haval made it really fun and was really helpful! I will definitely  be going back and trying the other rooms they have!

Yay! I'm a fan. We've done a total of 4 of their rooms (1 of them was in Rowland Heights). Chad's the best Escape Room manager/owner I have ever met. You can tell he definitely puts a lot of work into his business. All the staff is pretty friendly and professional. And good news, they're expanding.

Having done 30+ rooms with my team so far, we've seen a lot of different types of puzzles, but some of the puzzles here, actually got us stumped (which is a good thing). I would recommend the Sherlock room from beginners. The theme is a popular theme that most people can relate to, and the puzzles are just difficult enough to be a challenge and fun, but still easy enough for people to figure it out.

They're always making improvements to the rooms, but I hope their future rooms will contain more electronic mechanisms.

We did Sherlock's Study, and really enjoyed it. It was one of my favorite rooms so far actually. The puzzles were well done, and stringed together nicely. Plus there were a few clever tricks and surprises thrown in as well! Highly recommend! I'll be going back to try their other rooms!

We just finished Trapped and escaped from Billy the Butcher with more than 25 min left on the clock!  I highly recommend Trapped, I think it was better than the Sherlock room and the puzzles were fun and plentiful.  The element of being handcuffed in the beginning definitely added to atmosphere!

Puzzle difficulty: 6/10

Ambiance: 7/10

We can't wait to try (and beat) their other rooms!  Trevor was our host and was cool as always :) They have great staff here.

We tried the Sherlock room for my mom's boyfriend's birthday. He doesn't really enjoy puzzles, but was a good sport about it. We were put in a room with two other groups, and though we were all strangers, we all had a good attitude and worked well together. (Being roomed with strangers is of course common for escape rooms, but since Exodus's rooms accommodate larger groups, you should expect to be with strangers here unlike some of the smaller escape rooms at other places.)

Unfortunately, we did not succeed in escaping, though we did have fun. For hints at this location, you communicate with the game masters via a TV screen in the corner; they are watching you and can hear you, and will type messages to you.

This was a traditional escape room where you are locked and have to find the key to escape. The puzzles were somewhat random and you kind of had to explore everything. Some puzzles were inter-related, but it was not a very linear plot overall. There were definitely some challenging parts that required some out-of-the-box thinking, perhaps a little too much of a stretch at times.

We definitely still had fun, but there was not anything particularly impressive about the room itself. Not really my favorite escape room ever; perhaps somewhere in the middle.

Can't say anything about their other rooms since I've only tried one so far.

Let me start by saying Haval was the absolute greatest. I was caught off guard by his expertise and you can tell he's passionate about what he does, which really makes a huge difference. I did the Sherlock room and the Exodus room, both with only one other person. While we didn't finish either, this was our first time doing an escape room and we still were very close to finishing. The decor, while "sparse" takes nothing away from the experience. The puzzles are thoughtful and inspire out of the box thinking, forcing you to second guess yourself again and again until you've finally gotten the answer.

Overall:
Haval was fantastic, the two rooms I completed were wonderful as well. I'd recommend to groups of no more than 4. Will be back

I have to say, I'm kind of happy to see the all 5 star average go down to a 4.5 star. Honestly, these escape rooms should be closer to 3.5-4. 

We did the Sherlock Holmes study, and I must say, it was extremely disappointing. When you do an escape room with that sort of theme and you want it to look authentic, as if you traveled back in time to Sherlocks study. In fact, their picture that shows a Type writer and an old candle and a letter, that's not at all what the room looks like. (Unless they've updated the room, as I did this escape room about 1 and a half months ago). The puzzles were fine, nothing exciting. But definitely worked your mind. Then about half way through the game we got a key that opened up the door to another room. Well that room was a bathroom. With a missing toilet and a shower. And it wasn't even decorated in the form of a Sherlocks study bathroom. It was just a modern looking bathroom with a few locks and silly puzzles in it. Very boring room and not decorated well. 

Then, we told them that it wasn't that great and that we wanted to try their other room, the mascarade. That room was a lot better, and I really enjoyed it. But there were old clues on the ground that didn't go with anything. I guess it was glow in the dark paint that they couldn't get out of the carpet. So we spent about 10 minutes on that trying to figure it out. And we lost because of that. But this room has potential to be a lot better. 

Both rooms were dilapidated and cheaply put together. But the mascarade room is definitely the better of the two. I'm giving the Sherlock room a 1 star and the mascarade room a 3 star, and an overall rating of 3 stars because management at Rowland heights location did try to make things better for us as we spent $300 plus dollars for two hours. That's an expensive outting. That's like Disneyland money, and you should get Disneyland quality. Other than that, I would honestly just go to another escape room. We're going to try the Rowland heights location next. They were very helpful and nice.

I continued my birthday research this pass weekend by checking out the Exodus escape room in anaheim. 

It's in an industrial area but fairly easy to find. Once you get inside the door you're greeted by a couple flights of stairs. Once we got to the top, two very kind ladies greeted us. One of them being Jess. Jess was very energetic and informative about the entire process and what we could expect. She seems like she really enjoys her job. 

The 30 dollars a person price seems a bit steep to me for one hour of puzzles but I did enjoy myself.  We tried the Trap room out with a party of four which gave us a total of 6 in the room. My favorite part was being tied up to start. Very nice and unexpected. The TV in the room is a great idea as well.  Some of the clues I thought were a bit far fetch to determine the outcome but we were able to escape with about three minutes to spare thanks to some extra clues from the wonderful people watching us on the TV. This escape room made the previous one I tried look pretty mediocre as far as appearaces go. 

So far, Exodus is in the lead for my bday celebration and I  would recommend it to others to try. I had a great time.

So I'm giving it 2 stars for several reasons. My 3 friends and I did the exodus escape room (pharaoh-themed) and here's what I thought. The props were decent and the staging was adequate. However, there were very few instructions on what not to touch and what not to do (besides not using force). At other escape rooms, they tell us to "not do that" through an intercom system if we are doing something that we are not supposed to do but exodus didn't really do that (they just let us keep going). I don't want to give too many details away, but basically I was able to obtain an item pretty easily without having to solve the puzzle and thus unintentionally skipped 60% of the puzzle. Once we advanced through the several rooms, we sort of explored for a while when suddenly a prop sort of fell. It revealed a major clue not supposed to be revealed until the end of the game, but since we had it, we quickly used it to escape (had around 38 minutes to spare). Once we finished, our guide (forgot his name) went over what we were supposed to do. He said that "we shouldn't be in trouble", (sort of implying that we were at fault) but honestly we didn't break or damage anything so that definitely ticked me off. After that, we were only given a discount of 30% at another exodus location so at least it was some consolation for what happened but think we should have received a bigger compensation. Overall, the room was decent, but I definitely would not recommend the experience here. Other escape rooms do a much better job. 

Update: So the manager, Haval, actually reached out to us and was genuinely sorry that we didn't have a great time last time. He made it up by offering us a free room at any of the exodus rooms. I was impressed with the easiness in which we were able to resolve the issue. I'm updating the review because exodus really does care about customer satisfaction.

I'm updating my review to reflect the customer service that I received after my review. I do appreciate the time it takes a manager to call and apologize when expectations weren't met. Thank you for helping resolve this issue. 

Wow, that was a waste of a date night and paying a babysitter. This was our 10th escape room and we both ran out of there saying it was our least favorite game ever. First off, the room was an 8 person room and they overbooked it for 10. In my opinion this should be a 6 person room- it was very small and cramped. The people we played with were a group of 8 friends and we were basically made to feel unwelcome. Exodus should automatically make groups of 6+ have a private game because it was not fun for us to be in there with such a large group of friends who took over the game. I could probably look past who we were put with to play because there's really no way to screen that but I could still leave the low review based on how boring and stale the rooms were. Nothing about this game was exciting. I had high hopes but I wouldn't recommend this place.

This was the first escape room experiences I have, and for that this place is awesome. 
Parking is plentiful and this place is easy to find.
I have done two rooms here

The first was Masquerade Manor, which I did with my family for a birthday trip. The decor was alright, maybe a little cheesy and the storyline was kinda confusing, but all in all it was fun, we escape just as the timer sounded and with a full house it was a great time. Definitely don't use your phones, it caused us to miss an important clue!  Difficulty for this room is easy and kid friendly.

The second room I did was sherlocks study. This room I went to with my bf and another couple, and we ended up being in a room with two more couples  (it was valentine's day). We kinda butted heads a little in the room, but overall it was nice having extra minds with us. This storyline was straight forward and exhilarating if you're a sherlock Holmes fan. Once again though the puzzles were a little confusing and cheesy, but we managed to escape the room with 15 minutes to spare. Difficulty here was moderate/difficult. There is some math, basic geography, and general knowledge needed to complete this room, so be prepared for that. Not kid friendly. 

I will be back to try their third room, Trap Door, and this place definitely deserves a visit if you want to try or are already a fan of escape rooms!

My company had a networking event today. We had a blast figuring our way out of the Sherlock Homes room.  Makes you work as a team.  Highly recommend.

Went last night for a friend's birthday, and WOWZERS! SO IMPRESSED! We had such a fantastic time! It was super challenging  but so fun because of everyone's different things they're good at! We did the Sherlock room, and it was awesome! We finished with 48 seconds left, and we're so excited we solved it! Yay! I highly recommend this experience to anyone who likes puzzles and riddles. It was great, and I can't wait to go back to do the other room! Can't say enough about how much fun it was!

This review is for the Masquerade room.

This was our 10th escape room--and our least favorite by far. I will try to describe our reasons in general terms so as not to spoil any actual puzzles, but if you want to avoid any possible spoilers, stop reading now:

1. All in all, there were very few puzzles in this room, and none was all that challenging or interesting. But it still took us a long time to complete the room mainly because you were in a darkened room for most of the experience, so it just takes longer to do everything while having to hold flashlights and trying to read things in the dark. And there weren't even enough flashlights for everyone on the team, which just add to the frustration created by the dark environment.  I understand that Exodus rates this room "hard," but if by "hard" they mean annoying and frustrating due to lack of lights, then that's a terrible way to rate an escape game.

2. There was one puzzle that also took us way longer than necessary to solve because the puzzle was poorly thought out and made no sense. We solved it only through repeated trial and error, after feeling like we had no choice but to try nonsensical solutions.

3. We did this room as a group of 8, and throughout the experience, several of us felt like we had nothing to do because, again, there just weren't enough puzzles to keep everyone entertained. I highly recommend going with no more than 4 for this room.

4. The room had pretty poor production value overall, and only one of the puzzles involved any sort of interesting mechanism/technology. The story didn't make a whole lot of sense either, and it was totally unnecessary to keep us in darkness for so much of the experience.

5. Be forewarned: This room contains red herrings, and we hate rooms with red herrings. Even Exodus's own staff admitted that certain clues were "red herrings" when we asked about them.  A good escape room does not need to rely on red herrings to fill up time; instead, a good escape room offers enough actual, stimulating puzzles to keep everyone busy and entertained during the entire experience.

Ultimately, we were able to escape with about 10 minutes left on the clock, but we definitely did not leave feeling exhilarated or happy about our escape. Instead of the usual post-escape glow and excited chatter about how much fun we just had, we spent the entire after-escape discussion rolling our eyes and complaining about that one nonsensical puzzle and wondering about various red herrings.  And at least a couple of us had headaches from spending an hour trying to read things in the dark.

There are so many better escape rooms in OC and the SoCal area in general that it's not worth wasting your money here.

It was dope! Hints were not too revealing, super nice hosts, and challenging clues.. super fun times

What a fun escape mystery experience! We went for my birthday and it was just the perfect thing for a mystery lover like myself. 

The staff is friendly and professional, and they even gave us a bit of extra time to solve the case since no one was coming after us. 

The only thing I would say to be aware of is that there is a STEEP flight of stairs to get from the front door to the escape rooms upstairs, so if you are handicapped or have trouble with stairs, just a heads-up.

First timer didn't know what to expect but the staff are helpful and funny. Ryan our guide was awesome and letting us know exactly what we needed to be successful in figuring out how to escape the Pharaoh's wrath.

Or first escape room experience but certainly won't be our last! We did the sherlock room and it was a tough one but so fun! How quickly you get over being with a bunch of strangers and stay working together haha! It was very reasonably priced as well. It was a little hard to find only because our maps said to be let out on the sidewalk and then walk through the parking lot to get there, very odd.

My teacher colleagues and I came here as part of a professional development day. The experience was amazing. It was so fun and we left inspired to create engaging lessons for our students. The owner Chad bent over backwards to accommodate us. Thank you so much for a great adventure!

We went last night for New Years Eve and it was a blast! Ryan was our host and did a great job. He gave good clues when needed and got us in the spirit of the event! This is a great experiment with friends. I highly recommend it!

We had a blast doing the Sherlock Study escape room! We went in with 6 people who actually all think differently and we escaped with almost 14 mins left! This was our very first escape room and we loved the experience! Erin was super sweet and a great host! We look forward to coming again for the masquerade themed one!! We will escape again!

I just completed my third experience at Exodus. Each time was a total blast. Sherlock: almost made it out--pretty tough! Requires a little external knowledge than what is just in the room. Trapped: literally made it out with seconds to spare! Tough clues but so rewarding. And this last time was the Masquerade: probably my favorite! We made the leader board and "authentically" completed it (no hints). 

I have only known the one person I went with each time--we never went with a huge group. I do highly recommend an escape room for a birthday party/social gathering, but it's also a good way to interact with people you've never met. You don't know the skill level or knowledge of the randoms in your group, but I feel like everybody can contribute in some way. 

Overall, AMAZING experience. Knowledgable staff who clearly love what they do. Intricate rooms and mind testing puzzles. I literally recommend it to everyone.

Sooo excited to write this review. There was a group of 8 of us, plus my baby in tow, who tried to escape from the Sherlock room. There's a second room that is done completely in the dark. Sounds scary! 

We were lead into a room that was furnished as a small office that was supposed to be Sherlock's. The host locked us in and we were left to find clues and riddles to solve to figure out how to get us out of the room within one hour. We felt like we were off to a good start as we started uncovering clues and riddles right away and in the middle of it, we started to struggle since we didn't really know where to go from there. And there's a TV on the wall with a clock counting down...no pressure at all!! Luckily, with 5 minutes left on the clock we found our way out! Ok, ok we also did it with a little help. We were allowed one hint during the game, if we needed it and we used it. The host told us that specific room has a 30% success rate. Eeks!

After that, our entire group had immediate withdrawals and wanted to do another room. Literally, my friends could not stop talking about it through dinner and playing back all the clues we found and how we figured things out. I will definitely be doing another escape room adventure in the near future. Too much fun not to! I highly recommend!

It's Clue...in real life (without the murder).

I left the place feeling slightly disappointed even though my group joined the top 5 in successful completion.  We had about 20 minutes left on the clock, and we used one free clue.  It was hard to believe that the Trap Room (with Billy the Butcher) was the more difficult one with less than a 20% success rate.  I felt like it was too easy.  Maybe it was the group I was with.  Maybe I just got beginner's luck since it was the first escape room I attempted.  Perhaps I expected too much.

I do not want to give away anything about the game, but whatever questions you have, you'll need to ask the staff.  You can organize a group from 2 to 10 players.  If you book online, you can join any existing group (organized by room and time) as long as there are less than 10 players.  I think you can pay extra to keep strangers from joining your group that is under 10 people.  I concur with other yelpers that in order to receive the yelp check-in discount, you pay online first, then present the offer when you get there.  The offer is per person rather than per group, and you need to check your bank account to make sure they gave you a refund.  I suggest arriving 10-15 minutes prior to your game time.

During the game, you get one free clue at any time.  They have video monitors, so everyone raises their hands up to indicate they want the clue.  The Trap Room had a countdown video so you can keep track of your time.  There was no crawling/getting dirty involved, so, ladies, you don't have to worry about that.  The game encourages teamwork and brainwork in order to be successful..but the people in your group determines whether you'll have fun.

Parking was not a big issue because all the buildings surround the spots.  Turn into the lot when your GPS tells you to, then drive straight until you see the Exodus Escape Room sign on the door directly in front of you. It's a dark door next to a photography studio, then head up the stairs.

I had the wonderful experience and chance to play the new room at this location! The room was fantastic! It was challenging and very well put together! The staff was very friendly as well and made the experience so much better! Exodus Escape rooms is definitely a must try! I look forward to playing all the rooms they have to offer!!

The place was pretty small but the setup is done well. We decided to do a corporate event here so we were divided into 3 teams. I signed up for the Trap Room. I can't really go into depth of that escape room but its was worth the price. You use your brain! Which most of us don't use every day lol. I would recommend going with a group of friends you know and of course can work with in a team.

I had soooo much fun.

To be honest, I didn't know what to expect since a friend booked the place for her birthday. I knew we were going to be locked in a room of some sort and have to figure our way out, but I had no idea it was going to be this fun. Just know that this is a super interactive activity, so if you have people that don't feel like participating, you're probably going to want to leave them out of this. Everyone that enters will have to pull their weight in some capacity.

Not to give too much away if you're coming - we were put in a room and locked to the walls. Literally. We had to find a variety of clues to get us out before we could move on to the next obstacle. You're only given a set amount of time to complete the maze, so time is of the essence, that's why it's important for everyone to do their part.

By the time was over we were all laughing and excited that we finished. Some of the clues were harder than others, and they allow for one additional clue to make sure that you're moving along.

I can't wait to come back to take on their Sherlock Holmes maze and to experience the Masquerade that they're working on. Make sure you book ahead of time (and use the Yelp check-in for 10% off!) to guarantee a spot as there is limited space for each of the rooms.

Parking is simple as it's in an industrial complex with a variety of businesses.

We had a great time bonding as a family. The girls running the place are amazing! Loved our experience. Thank you Exodus!

3.5 stars for the two rooms

My husband and I have done both rooms, so this is a combination score for both rooms.  As far as theming and puzzles go, I think the Sherlock room is your best bet.  It was a lot of fun, even if we didn't make it out.  However, this room (both rooms actually) seemed a little chaotic and disorganized.  The Sherlock room actually requires that you know a little bit about history; I don't think you should require players to have any previous knowledge of a certain subject.  

The Trapped room was not themed as well as it could have been.  It honestly just looks as though you are locked in an office with stuff pasted on the walls (I don't want to give too much away).  Additionally, there are a lot of red herrings that were a waste of time.  

I'm adding an additional 1/2 star to my rating because of the staff.  They were so friendly and accommodating both times we have been here.  A few tweaks and this place could easily be a 5 star rated escape room.

This was my first escape room excursion and it was a blast! It was only me and one other person as we went at 930pm on a Wednesday, but Hoval made the experience so great for us..he was incredibly engaging and a lot of fun. It definitely was a lot harder than I thought it would be, but if we had more people with us we probably wouldn't of have to use so many clues. This is great for first dates, groups of friends, team building, etc. Definitely a fun and unique thing to do!

It was our first time doing one of these rooms. We had a blast. We did the masquerade room which was pretty difficult but the staff helped us when we got stuck.  Definitely going again.

Had a wonderful time with friends and other strangers in our group! I've just recently been getting into the escape room hype and now I see what the buzz is all about. We definitely had a lot of fun in the Sherlock's Study room, and I have to say it is one of the more challenging rooms that I've been in. We managed to escape with a little over 4 minutes to go, but definitely felt we could have shaved more time off if we knew what clues to look for in specific places. It's minimalist compared to the one you'll find in the Los Angeles area, but entertaining nonetheless! If you happen to be around the area and want a new type of challenge, I would highly recommend trying this Exodus Escape Room location.

Have you ever lost your phone and spent an hour looking for it, only to find out it was in your pocket the entire time?
This is EXACTLY like that, except exhilarating!  There may be some minor differences, like things not being hidden in your pockets unless you're some petty thief, but the gist is there.

I went with my coworkers while the rest of the company went to a Giants/Dodgers game and this did not disappoint.

First of all, the props weren't too shabby.  We went to the dungeon themed room.  You start off handcuffed in the dark.  The handcuffs are real - trust me, I've been in and out of them and these were no different from Officer Dan's.

I should mention that this was the second escape room I've been to.  The puzzles are engaging and exciting.  Some extremely misleading and we ended up using our only clue 36 minutes into the game.  We were kept on our toes the entire time and everyone had a chance to contribute and shine in the darkness (metaphorically and literally, you'll get it later).

Despite all the fun we had and two of our members claiming to be "experts"...we did not make it through.  When the game master showed us the next steps of the puzzle, we were just completely dumbfounded.  Even with another hour, I'm confident that we would still be stuck in that room.

All in all, this was a fantastic experience!  Great team building exercise.  I'd highly recommend this to any team, group of friends, broken family, or anyone in need of some team bonding.

Crazy Fun! 10 people searching for clues, running ragged, and then, success! What a great place. The hosts were witty, the Sherlock room was challenging and I can't wait to try another room. We all went out to dinner after and couldn't stop talking about it. Who found what, who figured out the clues and how all the pieces feel into place. It was my first time, but definitely won't be my last.

If you're looking for something exciting, different, and fun to do, THIS is it! I was totally hooked after I tried their "Trap Room" so I came back twice more to do their Sherlock and Masquerade themed rooms. I must say, all three rooms were really well done and downright awesome! We made it out of all three rooms and nabbed the number one time for the "Masquerade" room. 

The clues, puzzles, and riddles are different than other "Escape" places and they really challenge you in a fun way. Escape rooms are a good way to test your communication skills under pressure with friends, family, significant others, or even coworkers! I wish they had more rooms so I could come back and do them all!

And while the experience in itself is awesome, their 5 star review is also due in part to their fantastic staff and ease of booking. Their online booking system is very user friendly and easy to use. The staff is super helpful, accommodating, and nice. I've met Trevor, Chad, and a few other employees who are truly awesome. They love their job and you can totally tell! I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun group activity.

Needed to find a unique event for my team at work and someone suggested this place. It is located in an industrial area of Anaheim...it was a bit tricky at night to find but we managed to spot the arrows to guide us there (we felt it was the first mystery we had to solve).

The staff was personable and engaging before we started, they walked through how they got started, asked questions about who we were, and how we found they place. I really appreciated the passion they had for the business. 

We did the "sherlock holmes" room as we were a bit nervous about the "trap room". Without giving too much away, the gist is you have 60 minutes inside one room to find clues, solve puzzles, and unlock codes to ultimately find the key that gets you out of the room. Each room can hold up to 10 people. The clues/puzzles were definitely tricker than we expected, but even with only four of us, we solved it right at the end of the 60 minutes (we may have needed a few hints to get us through). They've done a great job with the set up and clues. I've never experienced anything like this!

I would go back for another work event or even just a unique evening with friends.

What an amazingly fun and bonding experience Exodus provides. Chad is easily 5 Stars on his own ... friendly, helpful passionate about the customer experience. A great family outing, away from technology and working together to solve a challenging puzzle! While we have not solved the mysteries, we are anxious to get in and get it done - time and again. Congratulations on providing a unique and wholesome alternative desperately needed for families and businesses alike.

We had a great time and solved the puzzle with 12+ minutes to spare. The staff was wonderful, very friendly.  We went as a group of 5, two adults and three teenagers.  The kids loved it; it was their first escape room, and they dominated.  I had been to one other escape room in Madrid and had a terrific time, where we had the luxury of solving the puzzle on our own.  At Exodus the experience was shared with another couple, and I felt bad for them as it was their first escape room also, and I felt they didn't get the whole experience with our group of 5. So my only recommendation is if you have a group, go midweek when you will more likely get the puzzle room to yourselves, or Exodus: make groups of 4+ go on their own to accommodate the smaller spaces and allow for everyone to have a 5 star experience.  Otherwise, fantastic fun and it's great to have you so close to home!

A year later and we are still greatly enjoying Exodus. Just completed the exodus room at their new location. Very fun and intimate escape. It was great with 4 people, but would work well with less. New location is awesome too! More modern, thematic and in a more accessible spot. Can't wait to do the new Sherlock room. Keep it up Exodus!!

This was a lot of fun! My family had a great time in the Sherlock Holmes room and even made it out w/time to spare (thanks to some minor help). The environment was nice and Erin was very encouraging and helpful. This is an awesome way to spend a memorable hour w/family!

Just wanted to say what a GREAT first experience I've had here. My friends and I booked the Sherlock Room on May 14th. We were celebrating my birthday along with my friend, Kelly. We're 10 days apart, and too lazy to celebrate separately, so we decided to share, but I digress.

First of all, Trevor, our host, was extremely nice. He was amazing; there are no other words to describe him. He was very friendly with us, talking and joking around. Throughout our experience, he was very informative and professional.

Now, the room itself was small. At first, I didn't really expect much since it didn't look like much. However, I was wrong. Without going into much detail, there were so many clever places to find and solve. My group actually found the steps out of order (we never really did like to do everything the orderly way, teenagers I guess). We were extremely close to solving the room when the time was up. Extremely close. Like actually doing the last piece of the puzzle and the very last second close. 

Only possible downside was the puzzles. They were great, but they were a bit worn. One puzzle was kind of faded. However, this didn't hinder our experience, so we didn't think much of it. Actually, it kind of gave to the old fashioned feel to the Sherlock room. However, we're just not picky people about minor details like that. I'm just pointing it out for the people who do care. 

We all had a great experience, and we would definitely come again. We got the escape room bug now and can't wait to try all the other rooms and places around California. I would give this place a 5/5 stars, hands down.

Everyone in our group had a great time escaping from Sherlock's Study. Will definitely come back for the other rooms. My husband is already planning a work "team building" event for his department. Ryan, our host, was personable, funny, and friendly. Fun way to end 2016!

3.5 but rounding up to 4 stars!

This was my first time trying out an escape room and I had no idea what to expect. Your GPS will lead you to a lot, park somewhere there and walk all the way in the back- we went at night and that creepy parking lot certainly set a tone!

The online reservation system is pretty straight forward. It is $30 per person and you have an hour to be in the room and figure out how to escape it. If you do the Yelp check-in, you get 10% off (each person needs to check-in as it doesn't apply to the entire group). We tried out the Trap Room- apparently the Sherlock Room is less creepy and supposedly less challenging. The Trap Room accommodates 8 people but we went with a group of 6; a random couple was about to join in the room but Chad, the owner, said we can buy an additional spot to keep it within our group (we took that offer, sorry not sorry). 

The decor of Trap Room was pretty creepy though I wish it was consistent throughout; I wasn't expecting that from the room. Can't really elaborate much more on that to not give anything away. What I did not enjoy was that some puzzles were very fact based so if you hit a roadblock, there really wasn't anywhere else to turn- you were at the mercy of the game master (Chad) for clues/hints. Needless to say, those roadblocks made us unsuccessful from escaping. Chad eventually came in and revealed the solution (which not all places do) and upon doing that, it made it seemed like some things could use updating. He offered us to return to try the other room at a discounted price- that was a nice gesture.

Lastly, the biggest con of the experience goes back to what I mentioned with the Yelp check-in. It's an e-commerce concept I don't quite understand but long story short, you need to pay up front to reserve your spot(s). Once you get there, you then check-in and Chad has to wait a few days before he can process your refund. So our group went in on Saturday and I did not get the $18 refund (all 6 of us checked-in) until about Thursday. There should probably be a workaround this somehow since it seemed like a guessing game for when my account would be funded. 

Overall- if you are looking to spend your evening doing something else besides the eat/drink/dance routine, this would be a nice alternative to mix things up. 

---

PROS: 
- Unique experience
- Chad and his customer service

CONS:
- Factual puzzles, some puzzles need updating
- Yelp check-in refund process

I had such an awesome time last weekend. Hassal (pleaaase don't kill me if I got your name wrong. we had a drink or two after we visited) was an AMAZING host. He was so kind and helpful and just a super legit dude. We did the masquerade manor and it was rad. I LOVED it. It was my first escape room game in person but I play them online. I recommend someone to play online first to kind of understand how these things work. We didn't win or get out but Hassal came and kind of helped a little so we weren't left totally hanging because we really were almost out. I feel like we had five star service and would absolutely do this again. And to the people with the sour faces coming out complaining they didn't win? lmao get over it! it's a game and btw YOU CAN ASK FOR CLUES so if your goal isn't to play and more to try to get out a little easier, that's an option too !

Nine people including 4 strangers had a blast!  Super fun, super nice staff and the fastest hour of your life.  Personalities become apparent and it was fun to watch people become aggressive, helpful, curious, bossy, smart, stupid.  Really you can't pay (much) for this kind of entertainment.  We did the Sherlock room, got it with 3 minutes to spare (and one hint) and then found out it's the easiest room.  Did we feel like dorks?  Heck no - too much fun.  Do it.

This was amazingly fun!! I went with 5 other people and we all had an amazing time. I was thoroughly surprised on how fun and complicated it was but we did and escaped! Highly recommended!

This review is based on my first time at an escape room. Non spoiler.

So much fun! If you're visiting Disneyland or Anaheim in general you NEED to stop by Exodus Escape room! When I was first asked if I wanted to do an escape room I quickly thought of SAW and my decision quickly jumped to a heck no. As I read the reviews on Exodus on Yelp my mind began to change and decided what the heck, it cant be that bad. You make reservations and pay online at their website, it's $30 per person and you're given an hour in the room. Basically, an escape room is they lock you in a room and you find clues to get out. I opted for the Sherlock Holmes room at 7:30 PM.

When we arrived there we were kindly greeted and told that if we had to use the bathroom, use it now before going in. After our business was done she quickly ran down some house rules, walked us to a well lit room (I feel the need to say well lit because I thought we were going to be in the dark), started the timer and said good luck. We quickly started lifting and searching through stuff to find any clues. Unfortunately, we didn't make it out on time but she explained that for two people we did better then most couples and we need to find two more clues in order to get out. Overall I would TOTALLY do it again. If it's you''re first time and you're a scardy cat like me, opt for the Sherlock Holmes room.

This was the first escape room my friends and I have ever done and it was honestly one of the funniest birthday celebrations I have ever had! We tried to escape Masquerade Manor room but ran out of time on the last puzzle. The riddles and puzzles are very well thought out and you have to think extremely far out of the box in order to advance to the next room. I have to admit we stumbled on at least 2 clues by complete accident. Exodus was an extremely fun experience, I highly recommend the masquerade manor room, and we will definitely be going back to try and escape Sherlocks study.

My family and I did the Trap Room on Halloween night as a compromise because I hate scary haunted houses. It was lots of fun and Billy the Butcher is a perfect theme for tonight! There were 5 of us total and it was awesome working as a team to escape the room. We didn't beat the top scoring group but we escaped with 22 minutes left and the person told us there was a 27% success escape rate. I highly recommend!

If I had to critique anything, it would be their website. It's a little hard to navigate and buy tickets via mobile phone.

This was so much fun! I went with my family and we did the Masquerade Room. It was a little trickier than we expected, but we got out before time was up and had a blast trying to put the clues together. Haval helped us out and he was great! He was really friendly and made sure our experience was awesome. Will definitely be back!

This was so much fun! Haval was an awesome host who got us pumped up and was super nice. Their customer service was excellent and the escape room was a blast! My group did the Masquerade room. It was a bit difficult but I loved the intensity to finish before the time was up. 

I give this place a 5 star for creativity, customer service, etc! Can't wait to come back and try out their other escape rooms!

We have visited Exodus Escape room twice so far and loved it both times! We tried the Trap Room at the original Anaheim location and the Sherlock's Study at the new Anaheim location. The Trap room was a lot of fun and I hope they bring it back to one of their other locations. Sherlock's Study is completely different than what the original room was when they first opened - and it was awesome. Definitely made you think and there were some great unexpected surprises as well. We can't wait to go back and try another room! The management and staff were fantastic both times we visited, very accommodating and friendly. Highly recommend!!

Fun experience especially with a big group! Definitely a brain teaser and constantly keeps you thinking. They give you an hour to find your way with the clues and puzzles you choose based on which trap room you pick. We chose the horror "bully the butcher" trap room and it was an interesting experience and definitely going to come again!

I did Sherlock's Study escape room with 2 of my friends and a family of 4 who signed up for our time slot. We escaped with less than 3 minutes to spare! I have to say that this escape room was easily my favorite. I have played a couple before so it wasn't my first time. The clues are definitely challenging but doable for a slightly experienced group. It might be harder for a group's first time but it was the family's  first escape room and we all escaped! 

I love the decor and the hosts were very friendly. You get only one free hint which we used at the very end. 

Overall, it was money well spent for an awesome 60 minutes of solving clues. Highly recommended!

Granted this was my first escape room, so I dont have anything else to compare to, but my group and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! It was super easy to book online and they answered all my questions quickly via email.

Once we got there, the staff was very friendly. We did the Sherlock's Study. There were a couple instances where you could tell there was some wear and tear from use, but nothing that prevented us from solving the puzzles. Via email, they told me that the success rate was about 20%, but our group of 6 was able to solve it with 12 mins left. We were also allowed one clue, which we did use. 

I cant wait to come back and try another room!!

We went there as a team from work.  It was fun and we had a great time.  Guy at the front desk was very helpful.

We had a great time with our family!  We had no idea what to expect, but managed to work together as a team and figure it out. Very fun!

Had a great time. We did the Sherlock Study room and everyone was impressed. A lot went into the design of the room and the clues. It's not easy, but possible. We all left already planning our next visit.

Last night, I participated in the Exodus Escape Room. For $30 pp, our birthday party group, chose the Sherlock Holmes room. 
You are locked inside a room, with several objects and pieces of furniture. On the wall, is a tv that acts as a countdown timer, showing you the full hour to try and escape the room. Occasionally, a visual or audio clue, may be given, to assist you. 
It's your job to look for clues or objects, to find other pertinent information, which will be used to create the bigger picture, thus locating the key needed to get out. 
It is frustrating and exciting, and worth the price, in my opinion. 
I would definitely try a future room and will consider the other room, called Trapped.

Great place with excellent service.  We were unable to attend our schedule time and they were able to reschedule us with a different day and boy did we love it.  There was a technical mishap with one of the clues in the Masquerade Manor but we still had great fun and they offered us a gift card to come back and play.  We can't wait to try the rest of the rooms and at their other locations.  Thanks to Erin, Chad, and Christine for the excellent help and great experience!

I'm a little late in this review since I went on Father's Day about 4ish weeks ago. I booked the room as a father's day gift for my dad for the 2 of us to complete the Sherlock's Study puzzle.

This was my 2nd escape room (the other I did was BrainyActs) and it was the first one for my dad, so we are definitely novices. On the website it indicates that the rooms are for up to 8 people. When I booked there were still 8 spaces left, so I didn't know if we'd be alone or a full room of 8. Based on my first experience, and then this one afterwards, I definitely feel like it's easier if you KNOW the people you're with. Trying to do these things with strangers is really difficult since you don't know names, personalities, and obviously you're going to work directly with who you know and not necessarily work hard with people you don't. I bring this up because were were put into this room with a family of SEVEN...now if you're any good at math, you'll know that 7 plus 2 equals 9 which is OVER the room limit as advertised on their website. The lady who booked this with her family was quite obviously irritated about this and let her irritation be apparent to everyone which honestly dampened the experience. I wasn't trying to take it personally, and I totally got where she was coming from..she booked for 7 people fully knowing nobody would do this by themselves which should have meant her family would be by themselves. Unfortunately, they put us there and like I said, she was upset which didn't help the working relationship. Her kids were telling her it wasn't a big deal, but she certainly wasn't friendly and the workers there offered no explanations to her.  I will say, even with a full 8 people, the room is way too small and it feels packed. I think 6 is a more appropriate and comfortable number for the size of the room, so to go OVER their advertised number of 8 was irritating, but it is what it is I guess. I wasn't as mad as she was.

On to the actual room itself. It's one room that is decorated like Sherlock's office. Eventually you find a key to a door to a bathroom (a really small one) with some more clues in there and that's literally it. One wall is a full wall of bookcases with books. There's a desk and a few other props. No props in the bathroom except regular bathroom stuff...it wouldn't surprise me if they used it as a staff restroom when the room wasn't being utilized LOL.

I mean, the experience was just okay, hence the 3 star review. You get 1 free "hint" which we didn't want to use, but once we got to only 20 mins left we got desperate and used it. Come to find out you basically HAD to take the clue or you couldn't have solved the room...the people who worked there admitted to that...I don't like that, why purposely lead people in the wrong direction to where you HAVE to use the hint? It wasn't just that it was "difficult" it was literally impossible because the room misleads you unless you take the hint. Meh, don't like it. The only way to not use the hint would have been pure luck at guessing number combinations which defeats the entire purpose of actually using skill and logic to solve the puzzles.

I would consider this company again purely because the location is not too far from my home, but I don't really think I'd ever do one of these again when I didn't fill the room with people I knew...and if I bought the room out for 7/8 or 8/8 I would FOR SURE CALL THEM and make sure they would not stuff extra people inside b/c that's unfair.

My dad enjoyed the experience for the most part, but mostly because it was just something different than he had ever done before.

So this is a late review but really wanted to say a big thank you to Trevor and Erin who made my birthday even more special with their customer service, and really going above and beyond the typical "customer service". We drove all the way from Rancho Cucamonga to Anaheim, even though their is s new location in Rancho. It was totally worth the drive, and are actually returning to this location in Anaheim this Friday. Trevor and Erin turned our evening around for the better! Now, on to review about the actual activity and place...10 plus stars if I could. We did the Sherlock Room, 60 minutes to solve the puzzle, fully interactive, requires participation, and it goes fast!! Next visit the Trapped room while it's still there. 
The price is $30ish per person, and it's worth it. 
Location is more like industrial, but the sign stating the name of the place helped. Make a reservation and be on time.

Sherlock's Study. We LOVED it!! This was our first escape room, but we are definitely on our way to many, many more. It was so much fun, a little intense, and  very exciting.  Just the right amount for beginners.  The room was very immersive, felt like a Study.  We had only 1 clue left and time ran out. This is great for families and kids who like to think/ problem solve.  The room master was very nice and the location had tons of parking. Try them out. We are booking another Escape as I type!!!!

Wow, the Sherlock Holmes was amazing and we actually solved it. Can't wait to go back for another!

So awesome!!  We had a group of 6 do the masquerade escape room.  The story was fun and I liked the fact that we got to move through multiple rooms.  It was very fun and we finished just in time!  We got to ask for one clue when we got stuck.  Very fun and worth the $30 a person price.  I will be returning to play their other room!

Awesome time! Will definitely come again and recommend people to this experience. We went to the Sherlock one and it was a lot of fun. We are coming back to do the Masquerade one. It was challenging but I feel it was because we got ahead of ourselves. Enjoy!

I came here for a work team outing and despite some initial reservations to being locked in a room, I had a good time. We had approx. 16 people split into the Sherlock room and the Trapped room. The group in the Trapped room successfully made it out with some time to spare. I was in the Sherlock room and unfortunately we didn't make it out. 

The puzzles are not overly complex, but I thought some of them were very random. Sometimes, I wasn't sure if I was overstepping my bounds and potentially breaking their props and furniture. I wonder if there is a strategy besides exhaustively pursuing all possible and potentially random assumptions in order to solve each clue. There is some order to the game, but some clues can be solved out of order. The facilities were fine, but not really impressive. We noticed that the air conditioning was not set high enough so it got pretty stuffy halfway through the challenge. It's a small operation and if people are still having fun then they're doing their job. The event exceeded my expectations, but I think there could be some fine-tuning that would improve the experience.

I am the world's greatest detective... BATMAN!
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/54904184.jpg

 For those that don't know what an escape room is, they are basically puzzles where for an hour you and a group of people are locked inside and in order to get the key to get out, you must solve puzzles.  This was my first escape room that I've been too. Luckily, my group of 10 got a private room and we did the sherlock puzzle. At Exodus, there are two rooms, the sherlock room and the trap room. The trap room was supposed to be more linear and the sherlock room is more abstract.

So in order to not ruin it for anyone, I somehow got the key without actually solving the puzzle. In a sense, I guess I picked the lock by accident. Why? Because I am the Batman! Puzzles involved finding batteries and deciphering codes to open locks.

The staff here is really awesome and the puzzles were well done. My group and I had a blast even though we "accidentally" escaped. There is plenty of parking and I recommend you use the restroom before you go because the one hour will go by fast.

Overall, I definitely want to come back and try the trap room! It's a bat!

So fun!!! Definitely a team building activity!! The workers are super helpful, but make it a challenge! I am so coming back again! I can't wait to try all the other rooms! We did the sherlock room! It was so clever! For sure recommend!!! U won't be disapointed!

Professional business and a fun game! Puzzles were fair and clues never left you frustrated for too long. Overall a great experience.

Had a blast!!  This was my husband's Christmas gift but we both got to enjoy it :)

The staff is very friendly and kind.  They made sure we got to meet the other participants and that we understood the rules.

We really had to think about how to obtain and solve the clues but it wasn't impossible. We made it out with just a few minutes to spare!  It was really exciting to run around and talk to people about how to solve all the puzzles. We had a LOT of fun and can't wait to go back!!!

What an awesome experience. When I got home from work my better half told me to get ready because we had plans and wouldn't tell me what they were. Four of us ended up here and I had no idea what it was. 

Once we arrived we were greeted, and welcomed by the staff and introduced to the rest of the group. I still had no idea what we were doing. 

Once they started explaining the rules I started to really get excited. Once inside the room the fun really started. It was a challenging hour and non stop fun.


I highly recommend this place and can't wait to try the other rooms. Grab some friends, make a reservation and you will have a blast.

One of my friends was coming in from San Francisco over the weekend and, as she was looking forward to some of that Southern California sunshine,we had originally planned to spend the day on the water, but unfortunately she brought the Bay weather with her and it was cold and rainy that day.  In a last-minute attempt to find an "indoor" activity, I found Exodus. I do recommend making a reservation. You can call in advance to make a reservation and pay at the location, or you can book online and pay on the spot. 

My friends and I were joined by a father-son duo and it turned out to be tons of fun. I think this place is great for team-building as it requires teamwork, and it also is interesting to see how everyone can come together with different skill sets to solve the puzzle.

The only issue I have is that the girl working that day wasn't very attentive: while she was friendly and helpful at check-in, she was pre-occupied during the game. We had tried a few times to get her attention for clues or to ask how much time was left on the clock and it took awhile for her to get to us, which is a bit frustrating because every second is time lost.  But no matter: we were still able to escape the room with over 7 minutes to spare (not sure how much exactly, as when we escaped we couldn't find her).

Last, but not least, don't come here if you are claustrophobic. Yeah I'm being Captain Obvious here but...you'd be surprised (trust me I'm heeding this warning for a reason).

Good experience for our first escape room. The staff was super friendly and accommodating to our party of 15. Would definitely recommend this place!!

This is my second time doing an Escape Room; my first time was in Houston, TX. 

Currently, Exodus offers two rooms, Sherlock's Study and The Trap Room. I'll not spoil anything for you but I do have one "negative comment." I didn't like the audio from the intro video. It was those text-to-speech computer readers which is harder to follow due to the inflections. I would have preferred a real life recording or at least offer text to follow while listening.

Other than that, it was another fun experience. Between the two I've done, Houston's room was more clever with its clues. Unfortunately for us in the Sherlock's Study room, we were solving clues without the aid of leading clues, if that makes sense. (We found clue B, solved it, found clue A which helped to answer clue B ,but too late, we already solved it.) That was frustrating but adds to the experience. Can't wait for their Masquerade Mayhem room to open and try their Trapper Room.

Had a great time. Lots of twists. We had a group of 5 and think if we had anymore than 6 that would have been too many. Definitely a great experience!

Cool place first time doing an escape room. Like a fish on a line, I'm hooked. Oh and we are record holding in the dark room with handcuffs. Boooya!!!

I love escape rooms.  I really enjoy the challenge and fun of solving the puzzles and riddles.  The Exodus Trap Room was my 4th escape room experience.  I had high expectations as Exodus had such high ratings and the highest price out of all 4 I've tried.  Note, the trap room isn't really scary.  If you're thinking about bringing kids I think they'd be fine.  

Pros
-Convenient Location/Easy Parking
-Nice Employees
-Countdown Clock made it easy to see how much time we had left.
-Free water bottles

Cons
-Puzzles seemed limited in that only 1 or 2 of the people could perform them while the rest of the team waits.  For example, only one person in my team had access to a lock and it took several minutes of her fidgeting with it and wondering if we had the wrong answer before she figured out how to operate/open the lock properly.
-I don't want to give away room details, but my BF and I spent 5-10 minutes completely unable to assist teammates, waiting for them to solve a puzzle
-The answers to at least one of the puzzles didn't seem logical to me.  
-The puzzles were not "Trap" themed.
-They could have done more to make the room feel more like a dungeon and less like an office. 
-The space inside the room was limited.  About the size of 2 small offices.  

Ultimately, I was not impressed with this experience.  Part of what I loved about the other rooms I've been to was that there were so many parts and pieces, details, and clues that needed to be brought together and solved as a team.  Puzzlemazement's Doll House Escape (in Anaheim) really did this part right.  There's something for everyone to be doing to contribute.

We had an awesome opportunity to be part of a beta test group for this new location. Tons of fun and really awesome to be able to give our feedback to the owners. 

Amazing hospitality and consideration for their customers. Can't wait until the place is open! I will definitely bring my friends!

This is a great option for groups of people looking for something new to do!  There were 18 of us (Holiday Party) and we split into two groups and each got to go in our separate rooms.  Each room was unique and offered a different type of riddle/puzzle theme in order to escape.  There are actually 3 rooms in all; so we'll definitely go back to test our talent in the third room!  

Thank you Exodus Escape room!

We got out!!!

Prior to coming to Exodus I had heard so much about escape rooms. Having never gone to one I didn't really know what to expect. All I knew was that we were going to be solving a puzzle with a Sherlock Holmes theme. 

When you first arrive you walk up a set of stairs and arrive to a reception area where you will have friendly faces waiting for you. The individual who greeted us was very welcoming and did a great job of preparing us. He briefly introduced the concept of what we were getting into without giving away any hints. He also stressed the importance of communication and working together with the rest of the group. We had 4 in our party and worked with 5 other individuals who we had never met before. The employees did a wonderful job creating a pseudo-icebreaker to have each of us in our total party of 9 to get to know each other and have a baseline comfort level to work together.....which you will ABSOLUTELY need to do. 

As you enter the room you will notice a small monitor that has a running timer. This is also how the employee communicates with you to provide your one allotted (they have a camera and you wave when you want a hint). They then type out the question, which you respond by nodding or shaking your head, until they are finally able to provide a hint. I've heard of other places using a walkie-talkie or having a person physically in the room with you. Personally, I liked not having a form of quick communication...it really lends to feeling "trapped" in the room. 

The entire party enjoyed it, especially because we got out. The puzzles were masterfully created. They have two other rooms available and I can't wait to try those too!! Would highly recommend this place!!

We had a great time! This is a great new puzzle.  Can't wait for the next game. Thanks for the opportunity! We nailed it 50 mins. Wish I could tell you more but it's part of the surprise!

This experience Is one in a life time kind a thing, their hospitality unique. I enjoyed the game. It was like a mind puzzle game.

I will definitely come back again with my friends!! I want them to experience this awesome environment!!

Thank you!!!!

Just got done doing their Sherlock room and that was intense! Did it with a team of 6 and we needed every single person on that team. Clever puzzles to solve, excellent props and scene setup. Will definitely be coming back to try their other rooms. And for the record we did escape the room with 39 seconds left to spare.

Simply the best single room (plus a second room) escape I've experienced. Came with a group of friends, six of us, who joined 4 strangers to have a full 10 for the Sherlock room. This was the first time I experienced an escape room with another group along our side. Clues were very complex and you really have to think. You get one free hint. We did not escape, but were close. Don't want to say much because of spoilers.

My only suggestion is to find a different way to use the free hint. We were told for everyone to put their hands up in the room so the camera can see we all agree to use our hint. However after standing for a good while with our hands up, we had no response. One of our friends thought it was a joke. I thought we lost a good minute or two because of that Otherwise this is a great escape room for newcomers and veterans. I hope to come back in the future for the other rooms. 

Staff is very friendly.

I had a great time at Exodus, and want to thank the staff there for making it a great evening.  First, I was a little worried because unlike my other experience with Escape rooms Exodus puts you with other people.  But, the people who come here and join in Escape games are a pretty unique and self selecting group.  The other people in our group were fun and definitely added to the team. 
We did the trap room and (no spoilers), you do start the game either in handcuffs or a leg cuff, and that really added to the experience and set the group mood for team work because at first we were all limited in movement.  We needed 1 clue, and were able to escape.  
All in all had a great time and will be back, small or big groups (well max 8)  because once you're on a team everybody's involved and working on escape.

We have done 2 of their rooms now, and generally we have enjoyed ourselves.  My only complaint was that one if the rooms requires that you pay attention to a clue that comes up on the tv screen  in order to solve the room.  Unfortunately we missed that the clue when it was being shown and there was no reproduction of that information anywhere else IN the room.  I felt this was a bad design to not have it represented somewhere else, and requires you to notice Ana remember the info on the screen.  One clue, and if you miss it, you can't escape, unless you realized it and "asked for help" which we were trying NOT to do.   However,  the clues are well designed and the rooms are great for teenagers too.  I give them a 3 on complication and great for new players and families.

Last weekend I was in LA for a interview and decided to spend the weekend there. My boyfriend came up with the great idea of doing an Escape Room. We looked one up and was able to schedule one that same day! The owners were super nice and spent so much time to help us schedule our escape room (making sure we were in a good group).

We did the "The Trap Room", which had a saw like theme and is played in the dark. So if you don't like the dark, think twice before doing this particular room. I thought they created a great room and kept to the theme pretty well. The room was well ventilated and had enough room for everyone to comfortably move around. 

I would say this is one of the easier escape rooms I've have been. This room focus more on puzzles, rather than technology or searching.

Rating (out of 5 stars - 5 being the highest) 
Difficulty: 3 Stars
Theme/Storyline: 5 Stars
Creativity: 4 Stars
Organization/Maintenance: 5 Stars
# of Puzzles: 5 Stars
Fun: 5 Stars

Another thing I should mentioned with this room is that you need to bring in some outside knowledge. This was the only room I've ever played that required me bring in outside knowledge. I'm glad someone in my party actually had a good grip on it, or else I don't think we would have made it. 

Overall:
I would definitely recommend this room!

It's been a long time since I've been here and I've experienced many escape rooms since then. The production value at this location is incredibly low. I'm really not sure how this place got such high, positive ratings, but I feel like they spent the least amount on producing their room of all the rooms I've been to. It was pretty much just a normal office room with a bathroom that was decorated with props. Extremely disappointed. They also had the gall to charge $30 per person.

I don't have any experience with escape rooms, but for my first time experiencing one, it was AWESOME. We had 5 of us in one room and trying to beat a clock that is constantly counting down is a thrill. A definite must do if you're in the area and want something fun to do.

What a fun place! It is $30 per person, and it sounds expensive, but definitely worth it for group activities. 
So pretty much, they lock you in a room, and you have to find clues to escape the room. I went with six other people, and we thought that it would be easy, but it was a big mistake, haha. We had to dance so we can get some hints to get out. I bet we looked really dumb haha but it was really fun

That was more fun than I expected ! We did the Sherlock Holmes one and used our emergency clue !

Not sure how this escape room has such a good rating. It is fun, but It was incredibly expensive compared to other escape rooms, and did not feel worth it. The decorations were very, very cheap and sparse. Basically dollar store items scattered with the lights turned off.  Almsot no theme to speak of...almost every house on your block decorated for halloween, is decorated better then the room I did.

240.00 for a group of 8 for what amounted to 45 min of activities...did I mention over priced? Do not go here unless its half the regular price. 

Basically the room we did, was 2 rooms, 1 with cubords with locks and the other a locker with locks, there are a few puzzles and almost no decorations.

Overall it is fun and a good time, however, there are much better escape rooms out there. If the price was 15 dollars a person I would give this place 3 stars...but for 30 dollars a person, it felt like a rip off.

Please someone tell me why this has 5 stars!!!!

We went to Exodus while I was in town for my friend's bachelorette party. Ironically the place was a little hard for us to find, but we were not disappointed when we did! We did the Sherlocks Study room and had a blast. The staff was super friendly and the adventure itself was so fun. We definitely felt stumped at a few points but we made it out so that's all that matters. Definitely worth a trip here!

My kids were out of school for Spring Break, and I was looking for a fun activity to try, so we signed us up for the Exodus Escape Room.  I know that every child's fondest wish is to be locked in a room with their parents for an hour.   I figured that we would get closer or kill each other.

We signed up for the Sherlock Room at 7:30 on a Thursday.  Usually ten people can sign up for this room, but we were the only ones who participated on this particular night.   It was nice in some ways, nobody else had to deal with our quirks (and listen to us fight with each other).

I don't want to give too much away in my review.  The puzzles that need to be figured out rely on various types of intelligence.  Some are easy, some require more complex  thought, some require manual dexterity, and some require using common sense.  There is a television in the room, which has both the countdown clock and serves as  a mechanism for providing clues.

The owner, Chad, is really, really nice.  He is thorough in his explanations and does a great job making it a really fun experience.   Being squeamish, I asked him about the Trap room, and he allayed my fears that it wouldn't be too terrifying if we were to try it next time.  (We will probably try this room at a later date.)  He also said that he and his wife were working on a third room, which sounds like a lot of fun.

We paid $30 per person.  For the amount of fun we had, I thought that it was a really good value for our money. Everyone was able to use their strengths to help us get out of the room.  I thought that the experience really brought us together as a family, which is exactly what I was hoping for when I booked the activity.

When we arrived, the two women were VERY nice and helpful to us before our appointment even started. The escape room itself was challenging, heart-pounding and incredibly fun. The feeling of finishing the whole mystery was crazy and very satisfying. Our adrenaline was so high that all of us are already ready to sign up for the next escape room. I HIGHLY recommend it for any groups who want a group activity to do together!!

Tons of fun and a good challenge.  The host was super great.  My friends and I did the easier room.  There were a total of 4 of us, and we finished with a minute left.  

I would love to go back and try again.  This really emphasize team work.  I think for friends you will quickly be able to see each of your strengths and weaknesses.  

I think this would be great team building for small work teams or departments.

This was the first escape room I had visited. I really didn't know what to expect.  It was fun. We did the Horror themed room.  There really was no story development and the puzzles and riddles had nothing to do with the theme.  The room may have Just as easily been decorated as a office building for all the clues had to do with the theme.  

The rooms were way to small. We only had 8 people total in our group, but we were on top of each other the entire time.  It was very much an office building and not much done to disguise the fact that it was an office building in a industrial complex. 

The puzzles were challenging some harder than others It was fun.  I will totally give the place another try, check out one of the other themed rooms and hopefully the plot development is more relevant to the puzzles in the other rooms.

The staff is wonderful and very helpful! I was organizing a company event and the only day we could go was on a day that they were closed. The manager did all he could to staff their business so that my company could attend.  Who does that??? Granted we were a large group, I don't know any business that would do this!

minus one star for The Sherlock room. I think the expectation is that every room has a fear factor. The larger portion of our group went to the Sherlock room, and didn't have nearly as much fun as a smaller group that went through the Trap room, mainly because it was a very tame experience. I think the company should get rid of the Sherlock room and deck out all the rooms with mysterious scary themes.

It was our group's first time trying an escape room and I had no idea we would have such a blast! From the moment we walked in, the staff were friendly and ensured that we had a great time. We tried Sherlock's Study and it really challenged us to think and decipher clues. We got out with 2 minutes to spare! Not bad for our first time I think since they said the success rate was only a little over 20%. The free clue really did help when we got stuck. 

Overall, it was a great experience and we can't wait to try the Trap Room next!

I've come here twice (Sherlock room &amp; Masquerade) and both times were phenomenal! 
The puzzles are a good mix activities and riddles, my group has always come out really happy and chattering away about all the things we discovered in the rooms. 

The thing I really want to highlight though is the service. The people who work here are THE BEST! I'm a little ashamed to say it, but both of the times we've come in something has gone wrong (my groups fault) and the employees at Exodus would calm US down and both times they worked everything out for us! Note, we booked the last room of the night both times so I'm sure that afforded some flexibility, but these guys really went above and beyond to ensure we had a great experience.

Did the Sherlock room and it was pretty fun. I'm not much of a puzzle player but the staff here were very nice and informative and did their best to make us feel welcome here. You get an hour to escape the room and have one clue/help from the staff bit my friends and I were struggling so they actually gave us 2 more clues which we were very Thankful for and manage to escape the room with 19 seconds left on the clock LOLOLOL. It was our first time but we had fun

I've been here twice. Each time there was a faux pas (my group's fault) and BOTH times I was accommodated very well! Trevor is amazing and so is Jessica, both sticking their necks out in the name of a good time, and boy have I had good times. I will continue to do escapes from here. I really appreciate the service and highly recommend it to everyone.

We scheduled an experience at Exodus room for 19 of us during our staff retreat. My correspondence with the Exodus team leading up to our event was nothing but helpful, lovely, and accommodating! It was a joy to work with them. Our experiences in both the Masquerade and Sherlock rooms were engaging, difficult, and fun! We would however, agree that the Masquerade room was trickier than Sherlock's study. I would definitely recommend Exodus for anyone looking for an escape room experience!

This is a GREAT experience for teams, probably even birthday parties, or people like me who love brain games and a healthy dose of competition. They explain everything for you really well. I've done two of the escape rooms and it is HARD but fun!

Came here on a date night with another couple and we had a great time. The staff was super friendly, the room was really challenging, but solvable. It was super creative and we would definitely recommend exodus. We have also done their quake escape in Rancho and that was a lot of fun too, but this one was much more intimate and I really enjoyed the smaller group setting (the other room had 30+ people). Definitely recommend!

This was a seriously good time!!  I thoroughly enjoyed myself, as did the rest of our group.  The staff were friendly and funny and prepared us well for our hour in the Sherlock Room.  Definitely challenged us to think outside the box and we had a blast doing it.  It was a great, unique way to celebrate my coworker's birthday.

I will definitely be back to try a different room with my girlfriends.

Had a great time! The employees were extremely friendly and the rooms challenging. Definitely looking forward to my next visit!

AMAZING!! Had the extreme pleasure of taking on the Trapped escape room with 4 co-workers as part of a team-building exercise. This was my first time doing something like this and it was very well executed. 

Phil and Trevor and the crew have done an excellent job of putting together an experience that is challenging and fun. The hour flew by and, while we didn't escape the room in time, we left with a tremendous sense of achievement. 

This is a fantastic experience and I highly recommend giving Exodus a chance to thrill you!

We Loved It. GREAT introduction to Escape rooms.  We felt the rush of trying to solve the clues within an hour.  We did Sherlock's Study and it was very immersive.  The great thing about this game is that it was not too difficult, but just difficult enough for us to miss our last clue.  My husband and 11 year old LOVED it.  Great family fun.  We were lucky to have just us in a room, because normally I think it is up to 6.  Best Hour ever!!!!

Went here today as a collaborative exercise with my schools world history dept and it was a great experience! Initially going in I thought I was going to be a piece of cake and an hour would be too long but the time flew by, we all had to think and work as a team. We all left with ideas of how to incorporate escape room activities in our classrooms and get students more involved with history. The hosts were fantastic and energetic and I would defiantly recommend Exodus Escape rooms as a fun family or work team building activity!

My uncle and I love Exodus!! We just finished the Masquerade manor ( With 6:32 to spare) and I can honestly say that Exodus is one of the best escape room places out there. We have done about 10 escape rooms now and some of our favorites are Exodus rooms. So far, the Exodus rooms we have done are Sherlocks Study, Bank Heist, and Masquerade Manor. I can't recommend them enough. They are challenging enough to be fun without being brain numbingly complicated. Great for 1st time escapers and seasoned escape room veterans alike. It is clear that they put a lot of time and effort into these rooms. The Quake Escape room is great for bigger parties. Also, the staff are extremely nice and helpful. I couldn't have had a better experience. If you are looking for an escape room, Exodus is the one for you.

I was just in the Trap Room yesterday with a group of 4 other friends.  What excellent fun!  The experience definitely tests the group to push into problem solving mode with teamwork being part of the key for escaping the dastardly situation in less than one hour. 

I highly appreciated the creativity and thoughtfulness of the "puzzle" that Escape room presented to us.  Although I thought we could surely get out, we actually did not beat the clock. The situation had just the right amount of challenge and mystery to keep us motivated-for an entire hour!

The owner and the staff are super friendly and helpful.  They answered every single question I had with thorough care, and they exhibited sincere enthusiasm for our group's presence and anticipated experience.

I am planning to bring a group back to the Exodus Escape Room as soon as possible!

I went with a group of 6 on a Friday night and the workers were super friendly and nice, we went into the masquerade room, had a lot of fun! Really hope I get the chance to visit them again and try other rooms! Passed this room with one minute left to spare!

This was my first experience with puzzle rooms, and it was awesome. We did the sherlock holms room, with NO CLUES! so much fun! Trevor and Erin are very friendly and we had a lot of fun talking with them afterward. 

No wonder sherlock holms was always late for dinner, it took him an hour just to get out of his office.

We had such a great time!  We brought a group of 9 to try our the Sherlock room.  We had a wide variety of ages from 8 to 69 and we all had a blast! The staff was helpful,  fun and had great energy! We can't wait to come back and I would recommend this adventure to everyone!

I've done the sherlock room and the masquerade room. Even though my group escaped both. I feel like some of answers to the puzzles we're really off. And the both escape rooms itself didn't really have a story especially for the sherlock room compared to other escape rooms. In addition in the masquerade room we had the answer right the whole time and we were having a more difficult time opening the box.

This was my first time here with my team from work. We had a great time trying to solve the clues in Sherlock's study. I would definitely return and try another room with friends.

My group did trapped, a lot of fun. Would recommend for all ages. Can't say more without spoilers.

Great way to spend a birthday with friends! If you get stumped on a puzzle, they'll give you a clue. We worked together and didn't need to ask for a clue. Staff was friendly. I'd definitely come here again and try the other rooms.

1. Great, unique birthday gift!
2. Lots of fun for a group - if you don't know everyone when you start, you do by the end.
3. Terrific ego builder and feeling of accomplishment if your team succeeds - particularly if you don't ask for any hints to do it!

My company went with a team of 8 and had a tremendous time.  The escape puzzle lasted 1 hour, but it felt like it flew by in minutes because it was so engrossing.  I would definitely do this again and try the other rooms.  The staff, particularly Susanne, was super friendly and gave clear directions, and also got us in the right game-frame of mind to really enjoy ourselves.  DEFINITELY DO THIS!

I recently did Masquerade and had a blast. We made it out with 1:30 on the clock. I've done several escape rooms and this was one of my favorites. It was hard, but not too hard and the hints were just that hints, we still had to solve the clues on our own. 
Overall the staff at Exodus is wonderful and really really care you have a good time in their rooms. I originally did Sherlock and was not a big fan, but they've since updated it and moved to a new location, so if it's anything like Masquerade I bet its great. The only drawback was how dark it is in the room it is very hard to see and read.

This was so much fun! Our group split up -- half of us did the Sherlock room and the other half did the Trapped room. I was in the Sherlock room. We had a fabulous time finding clues and solving puzzles. We solved the room with about ten minutes left, but it felt like a real triumph!

There were a couple things that were a bit battered (a lock box that popped open too easily and a video clue that is outdated), but they didn't mess up the enjoyment of the room.

I definitely recommend filling up the room with your friends only. We played with seven of our friends and two strangers, and it would have been an even cooler experience if it was just us.

The staff were VERY friendly and super helpful. They answered all of our questions after we had finished the room and told us all kinds of fun tidbits. Altogether, this was a fabulous experience. We can't wait to go back and try out the other rooms, including the new room opening next month!

Haval was such an excellent host. I went here with my team for a team activity. I would totally do it again. Thanks Haval!

When my coworkers and I visited for a fun day, we had a blast! 
The whole experience of trying to solve puzzles under pressure really put our teamwork to the test. Other than using our brains, the riddles and puzzles required us as a team to recognize and exercise the best skills of each member. In the end we were lucky enough to get out with only a minute and a few seconds to spare!
On top of our whole experience our host was very kind beforehand and complemented our narrow escape! 

To answer the question "Do I recommend Exodus Escape Room?" Yes, Highly! I believe the experience that my group and I had at Exodus has left a number of wonderful long lasting memories that will not be fading soon! The Exodus Escape Room is an exciting and heart pounding way to make some of the best memories with your friends and family!

I highly appreciate Chad and his team and I wish them luck on creating their next puzzle room! Thank you!

Went with a group of 5 (ages 15-24). It was alright. We did the trap room. I think I was expecting more actual clues than locks (there were 7+ locks with combos/keys). One reviewer had it right that this room is abstract as opposed to linear. We got through to the second room but hadn't opened a lock in the first room, which held us back. We didn't get out, we were close. I have to say that there were black light flashlights and one of them was going out (it was only half lit) and it was the reason we couldn't see a specific number on a specific object. Kinda sucks to pay $30 and not have all the objects in the room working.

It was also very expensive for something that I can't say was worth $30 a person. It was difficult, no doubt about that. But there were pieces of the room that we didn't realize were part of the game (we had to get a clue to figure it out). I could see spending $15 a person, but I regret spending $30. I guess maybe the Sherlock room is better? We got really sick of playing with locks. I think if there was a Groupon or discounted price we would go back, but I'd try other escape rooms first to see if this is how they all are or if other companies are more involved. 

The hosts were all VERY nice and so funny. It was obvious that it is family owned and run which I love and respect - I would probably come back because you all were so nice (and even gave us extra hints and I think a few extra minutes too)! 

I recommend really making sure you know the people you are going with are not going to butt heads. My cousin and I both started getting frustrated with each other (like always) and it kinda hampered the fun.

I've been here twice and completed the Trap Room and Sherlock's Study.  Both are challenging, entertaining and keep you engaged the entire time.  The staff have been awesome and accommodating when our party was a bit late.  I highly recommend this place for a date night, a night with friends, or a team building activity with coworkers.  PS - they're family friendly, not scary!

Simply amazing. We had so much fun in the Sherlock study, will definitely check out the other rooms.

The staff members are SO friendly and accommodating! The riddles are very fun and enjoyable. I would definitely do it again.

Came here for my birthday celebration. We did not know what to expect since none of us ever did an escape room.  We were greeted by Phil, Trevor, and another person (forgot her name). They all were very nice and friendly...cracked a few jokes here and there. They went over the rules.

We did the "trap room".  There were some fun clues and good props. Not much else to say without giving too much away. Can't wait to come back to try the other rooms

Absolutely incredible experience! We had a blast! 

The staff was so incredibly nice and accommodating. I will definitely be back with more friends!

Loved this experience! I'm a law school student and I did it with my mom this week. Such a fun and unique experience. Would recommend bringing a larger group because you need many hands to search the room. They give you clues if you are stuck, which is quite helpful. For anyone that likes puzzles or apps that deal with brain games--you will absolutely love this activity! Much more fun than I imagined it could be. Great for team and friendship building!

OMG! So fun. Family of 10 and we were able to solve it. Any age can participate.  We had as young as 7 and as old as 70. Totally fun thing to do as a group.

We definitely want a rematch in another room! So fun!

We had 10 of us working in the Sherlock Holmes room with adults and kids from 6yrs-grandma 82yrs. We did pretty well, but alas time ran out!  so close!

Staff were helpful and very nice. The game was well organized and challenging. We were all beginners so it was a challenge! We had blunders but in the end we felt pretty darn good for getting as far as we did. I highly recommend!

My boyfriend surprised me with tickets to Exodus Escape Room and I have to say that it was SOOO much fun! It is such a great activity to do with friends, family, or co-workers. We did the Billy the Butcher escape room with another group since it was just the two of us. Definitely not awkward for us but this requires a lot of interaction and team work so if you're uncomfortable with people you don't know, I would recommend going with enough people. 

I really enjoyed the series of puzzles, riddles, and problem solving we had to do as a group. They are definitely challenging but doable, you just need to think outside the box and be patient. You only have an hour to get out so there's not much time to mess around in there. The room we were in has a 27% success rate (or maybe it was 23%) and unfortunately we didn't get out on time but we were so close! 

We are going back with some of our friends to do the Sherlock room that is more difficult than billy the butcher so we are excited about that. I would definitely recommend this place, I was pleasantly surprised!

This was without a doubt one of the most fun things I've done in a long time! We went here on a double date, but I can see this being fun with just about any group. We did the Masquerade Manor and can't wait to go back and complete the other rooms. Such a unique and active way to spend an evening.

This place is absolutely amazing! It's perfect for a team building exercise and a great way to facilitate communication. The staff is super friendly and pretty helpful with clues if you're in a bind (you get one emergency clue). We did the trap room and had a blast! The puzzles are really well thought out. The scenery and rooms are very well done. I definitely recommend Exodus! You will see us again :)

The experience was okay.   We did the Sherlock room.   Unlike most reviewers, I've done a few escape rooms.   This one employs most of the typical cliches for escape rooms.   But if you are in the area, it's worth 20 bucks or whatever they charge just to amuse yourself.

We've done a few escape rooms, and this was unfortunately our least favorite. I'll explain why below. 

1) We needed help at one point during the game, and it took the game leaders about ten minutes to realize we were trying to ask for a clue (yes we did the appropriate hand signal). We even tried to open the door to see if we could call out to them, but the door was locked, unlike other escape rooms that don't really lock the door. It felt like a safety hazard to be locked in a room when people weren't paying attention to what was happening in there. Losing ten minutes in a timed game was frustrating, to say the least. 
 
2) We did the Sherlock room, and the clues were all the same. We've done other escape rooms that had a wide variety of clues, so after a while it began to get tedious having to do the same thing over and over again. 

3) Without giving away too much, at the end of the game, there was a part of a clue that got stuck, so we thought it needed to stay where it was. We spent about 15 minutes stuck on this and it was the final clue of the game. In other escape rooms, they monitor the game closely and would have noticed that we were not able to get a clue to work the way it was supposed to work and most likely would have let us know the clue was broken. They usually can hear and talk back to the people in the room with a speaker, but this location wasn't set up this way. I think they just had a cheap monitor without audio that they used to watch the game. We never got the last clue to work, and if we had we would have at least finished. We felt cheated with the game since we wasted so much time trying to get their attention and trying to figure out a clue that wasn't working. 

4) After the game, the staff really pressured us to write a good yelp review. They were really friendly and nice, but we felt hassled about it, especially after we'd had a bad experience. 

5) The production quality of the room was way low, like just an office space with a wall of books in it. We have been to some pretty incredible escape rooms, and I felt a little bummed that so many people would have this as their only experience. They should spend a little time making their rooms themed better. 

But the positives were the friendly staff, they were great to talk to, and you could tell they loved their jobs. I think this is the reason for all the great reviews. I wish they'd been paying more attention to our game, I think it would have been a better experience for us.

My friend and I have done all of Exodus' rooms and really enjoyed them. Our favorite room was the Masquerade manor, but Sherlock comes in a close second. The Manager, (Trevor?) was more than helpful and did a really great job at making our experience a great one. The puzzles vary on difficulty, but with organization and communication, you should be able to escape the rooms. I recommend to not ask for a clue until closer to finishing - that's when you'll need it the most. I strongly recommend Exodus and we've done multiple escape rooms in So Cal.

We had the pleasure of experiencing Exodus last night. We had a cousin from North Carolina here and wanted to take him to do something different. I'm so glad I found this on Yelp!

We had a reservation at 9:30 and arrived at the building 30 minutes early (I drive faster than I think). We were greeted by friendly staff that offered us water and small talked with us until the rest of our group arrived. As one might expect, this is a social game. We were so happy to be working with a group that A) had attempted the room before and B) were so cool!

I won't get into detail because you should experience the game for yourself. It was immersive, thought-provoking, and fun! I'm looking forward to trying the other rooms and taking my friends to experience this!

Had a great time doing the Sherlock Room. The puzzles mostly stayed in theme with the room, which is a plus over other escapes we've done. Can't wait to do more rooms here, and the big Quake room in Victoria Gardens.

Took my 12 year old and her 5 friends here to celebrate her Birthday. We had fun watching them run around trying to figure out the clues. The staff was very friendly and assisted the girls as needed. We will definitely be back again soon.

Wow!!!!!  By far the best escape room experience anywhere.  Everything is so thought  out and creative and well planned. Chad and the staff are friendly and attentive  and make the whole experience that much better. Five stars all the way.

Two adults, two kids, LOTS of fun!! The Sherlock Room was a blast. We will be back.

We went here for a birthday party.  I had no idea what I was getting into, but have to say it was one of the most fun experiences i've ver had.  

We tried the "Sherlock Room", which was a Sherlock Holmes themed puzzle room with riddles and clues littered through the study.  We were given an hour to solve a series of puzzles to escape the room, and we finished with around 10 minutes left.

We had a fantastic time with the friendly staff, and will definitely come back for the next room.

The Sherlock Holmes escape room was amazing!  Extremely challenging and fun. The staff was awesome and welcoming - more than helpful.  This was our first time and we will definitely be coming back....especially for the Trap escape room!

First escape room experience and had a blast. Went with my family and we all really enjoyed working together.  Very challenging, but not impossible. The staff were really helpful before we started and gave us just enough info to get going. I recommend to any small groups as a fun way to spend an evening. Would totally do this again.

Surprise hit! I didn't really know what to expect, but if you like mind games and puzzles, you really can't go wrong here.

To be honest, I rarely write reviews. When I do write them, it's typically from a bad experience. You can imagine how great of a place this must have been for me to sit &amp; write a good review. 

We were a party of 8 and it was our first time trying an escape room. The whole experience is mysterious so it is best to go in with no expectations. We tried the trap room. The key thing is *COMMUNICATION*. I would highly recommend giving it a try. The price isn't bad either. 

P.S. The customer service here is AMAZING. Extremely welcoming &amp; friendly.

What. A. Crazy. Experience!  I highly recommend going with a group of friends and booking the entire room to yourselves.  I went with a group of 8 people for my fiance's birthday.  We were all between the ages of 24-30 and had so much fun.  We did the Trapt room and escaped with 5 minutes to spare. I honestly didn't think we were going to make it out, but we somehow pulled through with time to spare.  

Great for parties, team building, married couples, family... etc.

We did Sherlock's Study this past Friday night. It was an amazing experience! We went with a small group of 4 and joined another group of 6. There were multiple clues and it would definitely take a group about 50 minutes to solve, if they were smart &amp; work together. 

We're excited to try the other rooms offered!

Came here with a small group for the first time and had so much fun. I would give this place 5 stars for the customer service alone. The staff was so hospitable especially Chad. We did the trap room and got out with 6 seconds to spare. Definitely want to come back and try the other rooms.

WOW! What a fun experience. I have always wanted to try out an escape room. For my birthday my family surprised me and we did the Sherlock room. We are ages 15-60. It was a the perfect amount of challenge for us. Being our first time we were able to learn quickly how clues are suppose to be found. I would highly recommend this one for beginners. I can't wait to get back and go in all the other rooms! Thank you!

We came here for the Sherlock Study theme Escape. It was great! The clues were challenging, yet not completely impossible to the point that you were stuck running in circles. I would recommend this room to beginners, before trying Masquerade Manor, as that one is a bit tougher. The Sherlock Study had decor that made sense for the theme. It's a huge upgrade after they moved from their past location, which I read had a bathroom in it. The customer service was great, rules and how things worked were explained well. Special thanks to Susanne for being very hospitable. Happy escaping!

My friends and I did the Sherlock room and we had so much fun!! We (a party of 4) were in their alone as no one else showed up. We were able to escape the room with 2 minutes to spare. Jessica was very helpful and encouraging. We will definitely be going again!
I totally recommend this place!

Very family friendly! Chad (the host) was super nice and patient while my family asked him a billion and one questions. The trap room it was super fun we struggled for a bit but made it with 18sec to spare! Thank you for the amazing experience and we will definitely be coming back again.
P.s. So sorry we accidentally took some keys home! MAKE SURE TO CHECK ALL YOUR POCKETS BEFORE YOU LEAVE!! :)

Trapped. Handcuffed to the counter or the wall. You have an hour to escape before who-knows-what happens to you by solving several riddles and clues. That is the set up for the Trapped Room. My group was celebrating a birthday, and we like to do unique events, and so we decided to give the Exodus Escape Room a try, and we all ended up enjoying it. Apparently, there is only about a 25% success rate to escape the Trapped Room, and I'm pleased to say that we made it out with a little less then 11 minutes to spare, but boy! We were all getting a little stressed knowing that we were nearly out of time. We all had a good time, and even had a 9 year old with us and he was able to be involved as well. The customer service was very friendly, and he explained everything very thorough, and seemed like he was genuinely happy we were able to solve the puzzles in time. Now we need to just pick a time to go back and try the Sherlock Room!

One suggestion to the staff: It would have been awesome to have been able to purchase a sticker or something that said "I've Escaped the Exodus Room" or something like that to commemorate our successful adventure.

I came for a company team outing tonight and the experience was a blast! Perfect activity to bond &amp; work together as a team. Clever use of clues, too! Definitely reccommend!

This was an amazing experience!   Highly recommend it for birthdays, anniversaries and bar mitzvahs.

I played the Sherlock room. I've done many room escapes and I was a little disappointed with this one. I can never be upset with a challenge but I just felt that perhaps this one was less about the room and more about the theme. I don't want to say too much as I don't want to give it away. Overall, it wasn't my favorite but if you're deciding to go or not, I suggest giving it a shot!

SOO MUCH FUN!!!! I will absolutely do this again! The manager was super cool and super nice (sharp dresser too ) and gave us a couple hints along the way if we backed ourselves into a corner. Would totally recommend for, like, any occasion!

We went for my birthday. We had a blast! The staff was friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend them. We will definitely be going back.

this place is awsome!!!! they have 3 different rooms with 3 different themes and difficulty. the staff is really nice too. will definitly be back to check out the other rooms!!! so much fun

Took my son and his friends, 12 to 13 years old and they had a total blast!  The workers were really nice and good with the youth.  We did the Sherlock study. It was not scary and still very fun.  Everyone had a great time and we put our minds together to finish with 1 second left!

Just finished one of the rooms (sherlock study I think) with my coworkers and it was amazing! If you want to do something different that requires you think and use logic this is the place to do it at! The staff were extremely friendly and funny. We did require the one clue which they gave us a perfect amount of information (not too much but enough to guide us in the right direction). I highly recommend doing this and I know I'll be coming back to try the other rooms with friends or coworkers again!!!

I came here for my friend's bday and had such a good time! The puzzles weren't too difficult but difficult enough where we had to ask for a clue. We did the Sherlock one and liked the decor and theme of the room. The staff members were really friendly and very patient with us (we were in a big group and came kind of late). We would definitely like to come back and try the other rooms. Maybe next time we'll be able to get on the scoreboard! It's a good way to practice team building.

Just to let everyone know, I rarely ever post Yelp reviews but I felt like I should this time.
My cousins and I just got home today from doing the Sherlock's Study. And while it is probably 9/10 in difficulty, it was extremely fun and the man who was on duty at the time was incredibly helpful (I forgot your name but thanks for all the fun and help!) 

Two of my cousins have done escape rooms before and they thoroughly enjoyed this one and thought this was better than most of the others they've tried.

One thing I do wish was that Sherlock's Study was more decorated for the part. The nerdy girl inside me was very excited for this and the decoration didn't live up to par. Other than that, however, I loved it. 

Note: USE your brain! This room definitely requires something thinking power!

We just finished the trapped room.  We were within 3 seconds of getting out of the room.  It was so much fun.   I highly encourage you to check out the exodus room.

We had a group of four, two adults and two teens. We were added to a group of three charming teens for the puzzle. We barely managed in 60 minutes (albeit with an extra hint) but did escape. It was a lot of fun, the puzzles were logical enough, and there was sufficient to keep everyone busy. The staff is helpful and cheerful, the setting clean and well organized. Top notch fun for an afternoon with the family.

We did the Sherlock Room and had a blast! These escape rooms are always pretty expensive which is a bummer, but other than the price, it's a super fun family activity!

Lots of fun. Good for a big group of people.. I went here with my coworkers and it took 11 people to figure out how to escape the sherlock holmes room! We all had a good time. Clues are tricky but thats what's awesome about Exodus! You have to work with others to solve the clues. 

PS. We got out with 10 minutes remaining. Phew! The success rate for that room is 35% and theres another room with an even lower escape success rate. 

Overallgood experience. I would recommend this for people who havent tried something like this before.

I had a great time and would recommend this place the next time your with you close friends or want to plan a fun team building event with your team.

Came with co-workers for a team building activity. So much fun. We were divided up into three teams and had to get out of the rooms. Super fun and definitely allowed us to work together in a fun way.

Great place.  Had my wife's birthday here with eleven other friends.  We split into two groups.  It's a great team building activity and I would recommend it to anyone.  The most skeptical in our group ended up having the most fun.  Good times!!!

Very cool for my first escape room experience! We did the dungeon. I do feel that 8 people was too much for such a small space. 4-6 would have been better. But all in all, it was a great experience! I definitely want to come back and try the other two rooms!

This was my first escape room. It was a blast to do the masquerade manor game. I loved figuring out the clues.

