I love this store.  My wife and I buy a bunch of games every year for our kids.  This year, they noticed that and gave us a free game.  But, far more important, they gave us some recommendations.  Our kids are 16, 11, and 8 -- a tough age range to find a game that everyone will enjoy and feel like they can keep up with.  They recommended a game to us --- one that, like most of the games at the store, we'd never heard of.  (Mysterium -- great game.)  We played it last night, three times, and I think the kids would have happily stayed up all night playing it over and over again.  Just a perfect recommendation.  

My first job out of college was managing a toy store, a local and "high touch" store where the staff was always ready to make suggestions and recommendation, and where we were encouraged to play with everything so our recommendations would be real. Gamescape feels more like that store, where I worked nearly 30 years ago, than any other place I've been in.

#148/2016

While running some last-minute holiday errands, we stumbled into Gamescape and like a heat-seeking missile, my little boy zeroed in on a Star Wars game display.

You know it's going to be an expensive proposition when you're told you first have to buy "the starter kit" (groan) in order to play the game. Not to be deterred, my little boy offered to buy it with his "street money" (money he finds on the ground).

Instant sale.

Walking around the immaculately organized shop, I saw literally scores of board games, most I've never heard of. I wouldn't be surprised if they told me they carried over 400 games, that's how extensive their inventory is.

In the back of the store, I saw two super-nerdy teenage boys intently playing a board game, stakes were high.

Back to a simpler time; it was good to see kids whose faces weren't buried in a tablet or a smartphone.

A hanging sign by the register listed the game nights (Magic, Dungeons and Dragons and far more) where it seems you can sign up and play for free. 

The two guys working behind the counter told me they were well-attended with a strong community of players.

The level of sophistication of this place far outstripped my knowledge. I sensed if I asked if they carried "Trivial Pursuit" they'd scoff at me. 

Gamescape is a serious gaming store with an over-proud aura I found slightly off-putting. Questions were tersely answered with a whiff of disdain as if I were wasting their time.

That said, I'm glad there's space in this city for an eclectic retail business to thrive. Gamescape's been in my neighborhood for over 30 years; they must be doing it right.

I came in here recently for some dice.  The first thing I saw was an employee, who was trying to do some cleaning up I guess, being berated by a second employee for moving things around.  It wasn't my business, so I ignored it, but it made for an unpleasant welcome.

The dice selection for single dice was okay, but there wasn't much choice for full sets.  Plus they only seemed to carry Chessex brand.  After that I looked at the DnD shelf, which had the essentials, but was very small.  There seemed to be a lot more space dedicated to Pathfinder.  Most of the rest of the store seemed dedicated to strategy games of varying complexity rather than more lighthearted party games, though there were a few of those toward the front.  The store had a fair amount of empty space, which I assume is for hosting events.

Prices were fine, product selection was okay, employees were polite other than arguing amongst themselves, but I'm not sure how often I will come here in the future.

First impression, this place is amazing!

When you walk inside you can help but notice all the board games and card games. It is like you are walking in a time capsule and traveling back to a time when you could indulge in games off all kinds endlessly.

There is so much to explore and discover when you walk in Gamescape. I came here to grab Phase 10 but the other games that they have here are worth checking out.

If you have ever been addicted to any type of fantasy game, card game, or board game then this is the place for you to come. 

The staff here are definitely approachable and willing to help you out as well. If you have questions or are looking for a specific game just ask. 

Can't wait to come back and check out the rest of the games that they have here.

#levelup

Always my go-to for new board/card games.  Their miniature selection is a little unorganized and their dice selection is a little unwelcoming to peruse.  Otherwise pretty cool place.  
The workers here a usually very helpful and friendly.

Walking into GameScape was like swimming in a ball pit, 'cept full of games instead of balls, and without the icky germs too.  There were games floor to ceiling.  I walked in on a critical mission--locate the most under advertised, awesome game there is, Monopoly Deal, AKA, Monopoly's little sib that's an action-packed card game sans the super long lulls of boring, big sib traditional Monopoly.  Basically, you can kick the pants off someone eights times and have way more fun doing it in the time it would've taken you to snore your way, begging, kicking and screaming, through a win in the original board game.

So anyway, back on topic.  While I was on my mission, I noticed board games, card games, handhelds, classic games, new games, stuff I've never heard of before, and hard-to-find stuff like my precious Monopoly Deal.  It seems no one carries it any more at the big box stores.

Prices were reasonable, the store seemed fun and interesting to browse, service was helpful and enthusiastic, and being there made me happy.  That's the mark of any great game store--bringing instant joy to its patrons.  I'll be sure to remind the next person whose butt I kick that their but whooping came courtesy of you, GameScape.  Thank you :).

Coming from Toronto, I was surprised that we were able to simply walk in, grab any game, and start playing, all for free! Biggest selection of games that I've ever seen, and any game your group wants to play will probably be here. Avalon, Munchkins, Pandemic, Saboteur, Coup! The people who go here that I've encountered are super friendly and we've even had strangers join us for a couple games. Great place to kill a few hours playing board games.

Great game and hobby shop.  Been going here for years. Current set up is leas cluttered and made room for them to host things like board game night and Pokémon tournaments. For free.  Great way to meet gaming enthusiasts and build community for no $$$$. 

Staff are quirky but knowledgeable and kind.

I took my Son here last week. He was in need of a Magic the Gathering Fix, and I was happy to drive him into the City as part of a Father-Son day together. I didn't sit down and play with him, but he did have a nice time at one of the game tables near the back. My first hand experience was passing him a Twenty, taking a browsing trip around the store, and receiving some spot on recommendations from store employee on where to have Lunch. If Magic is not your thing, the Board Games selection is pretty darn impressive.

We stopped in here mid day on New Years Eve to pick up a game for us to play (because isn't that how everyone spends NYE?) They were super busy but we were almost immediately asked if we needed help and given great advice on what games would be best suited. Everyone was SO friendly and helpful and I was genuinely impressed by how knowledgeable these guys were about every single game in the store. They were so passionate and it was awesome! We will def go back!

I almost always use Amazon when I buy games. No muss, no fuss. However, a friend reminded me that I really should support local businesses more. So I called the closest "Friendly" Local Game Store. I just wanted to find out whether an upcoming game would be arriving within the next few weeks. 

The guy who answered wasn't very friendly at all. If anything, his tone of voice was on the edge of sullen and I felt like I was intruding on his time. He said he would check on the item I requested, then left me on the line for 11 minutes. I only know because I looked at the call duration right before I hung up and called again.

Not sure if it was the same guy who answered, but I was polite and simply said, "I was left on the line for 11 minutes, and I'm just trying to find out about a game that is coming out soon."

There was no, "sorry you were on hold for so long," or any of the other Customer Service 101 replies that would've turned the lackluster experience around. Just an irritated, "what's the name of the game?"

Look, I've been in customer service. I KNOW it is not an easy job. But it is your job and if you're not really feeling it some days, then you fake it. A friendly, approachable tone from a store clerk is the best weapon local businesses have against online giants like Amazon. However, no customer service is better than bad customer service. I'll stick with one-click shopping where I'm not made to feel like I'm bothering a business when I want to spend my money with them.

I believe in second chances, though. If I check this place out again in the future and the experience is different, I'll definitely update this review.

I came here recently to purchase some games on a whim because we were having some friends over. We had nothing in mind and were browsing.

The Good:
Pretty large selection for a game store (I guess? I haven't been in a game shop since I was a kid.)
Large open area for shopping.
Friendly employees when you engage with them.

The Bad:
Dust. You need to dust.
Are the games organized in any particular order? Genre? If so, can you make the signage a little clearer.

The Ugly: 
The prices are definitely not bargain.
Employees pretty much ignore customers unless directly addressed.

Ended up buying a Sherlock Holmes game and another co-op game. Total damage? $90.00.

I usually love going to game scape, and I have been going there for years, but today I had such awful service I had to yelp about it.  Why be rude and or snarky at a game store?  I have dropped a lot of cash there over the years but I am seriously considering going all the way into Oakland to spend my gaming dollars.

Holy smokes Batman!!!  This shop is FULL of games -  hard to believe so many games are available ... I kept it simple and bought a double deck of cards I was stoked about !! Looks like there are game tables so more options for gamers - a cool place :)

Gamescape is a fantastic game store.  The staff is helpful and knowledgable and the selection is first rate.  RPGs, minis, loads of board games including the latest expansions when they are released. 
Also, the scheduled events are great.  I've attended board game night and Fantasy Flight card games night (basically Android: Netrunner night) and I've observed D&amp;D encounters.  Board game night was lively and welcoming, with an exceptional selection of games from the play-me shelf, and D&amp;D was going off!  I really intend to come get in on a 5e game sometime.  

Lastly, there is a wide selection of traditional games. Gamescape is a first-rate location if you're looking for a puzzle, party game or a fully stocked nerd-cave. 
Oh, and save your receipts because if you spend a certain amount ($100 i think?) you get a discount on your future purchases.  Nice bonus!

I've been here a couple of times, but stopped by tonight with my boyfriend in search of card shufflers for a project.  We found the shufflers and then browsed the store.  It was MTG night, and we came in about half an hour to closing.  The back of the shop was pretty bustling.

The store seems to have a decent selection of games, although they don't seem to be in any obvious order.  I mean, I'm sure they're in some sort of order, but they're not marked as such.  

The guys behind the counter were very friendly and happy to answer any questions.  We asked one of the guys what they had by the way of two player co-op, and he gave us some pretty solid recommendations.

Glad this place can still thrive here!  It's priceless for the event/community space alone, not to mention being able to come down and ogle games.

Closest place to my house that has mtg events.  The staff seems pretty good, the events have a lot of kids.


Store has a decent selection.

Friendly staff is knowledgable and always willing to answer questions about games. They always have good recommendations whether you're an avid board gamer looking for something new or a casual player just looking for something fun.

Have been a loyal customer to this store for two years. However, this weekend I went in to buy a game only to find that there was mold in the packaging. The store told me initially that I could return the game because it was defective, and to come back the next day once they received the new shipment. The new shipment didn't come in, so I was checking in that I could receive it the next day. They said that they would get a new shipment in and I could return it then. I then spoke to the manager who said because they had a contract with the game manufactures, that they could not return this defective product because they would be losing inventory. 

The manufacturers eventually got back to me after three days, because the majority of them were on a tournament cruise. But they did say that the store should have taken back this defective product in particular, but that it was poor customer service and that they were too much of a stickler to the manufacturers policy.

The store outright refused to take their defective, mold ridden product back or help in anyway because they didn't really want to deal with this. I could have gotten the same product for 41 dollars on Amazon, but instead I "supported local business" and paid 55 dollars for inferior customer service, no way to play, and no way to return it. 

They did apologize for the back and forth between the store and the manufacturer. They also were able to refund my friend who bought the expansion pack for the game that we were not able to play. 

The manufacturer helped me out, but I still have to wait in the mail for it. Which is ok on the manufacturers part, but terrible on the store's. Sadly, I have to wait to play my game. They did help my friend out, but not really me.

I'm not sure if I've bought anything here yet, although I know I've been in at least a half dozen times. I'm not much of a board gamer, although I do enjoy one if someone cracks one out, so I find myself wandering over to the RPG books or trying to find out what's in the world of Rubiks and then usually getting bad flashbacks as the nerdy gamer geeks in the back start  yelling about their saving throws or how much mana they've tapped out and dude shouldn't be playing that card.

(In fairness, the gamers in the back seem to be polite, occasionally enthusiastic, normal guys just having fun. It was only once where some guy got all huffy and slammed cards down and banged the table, at least that I witnessed. Gamer dudes be super serious about their Serra Angel or something.)

I think most of what this store caters to is board games though. I haven't seen much in the small hand-held puzzles (like Rubiks cubes) and while they do carry RPG books, the selection isn't huge. The bulk of the store is filled with shelves of boxes: anything you want from Axis and Allies to Pictionary to Clue and probably five versions of Monopoly. 

We did stop in this past Saturday with the intention of actually making a purchase but they were sold out on the game we were looking for. An employee indicated it would be back in stock soon so we'll likely return in the next week or two.

The staff at Gamescape is amazing! I walked in before Christmas and immediately a guy behind the counter asked if I needed help, to which I said, "yes!" I wanted to get my boyfriend a two person board game that we could play, but the ones we have bought in the past are super lame.

The sales guy asked me what kind of games my boyfriend likes to play and then walked me over to a section where there were several options. He explained each game and gave some really good recommendations. I play a lot of board games and I appreciated the fact that he never spoke down to me or assumed that I wasn't knowledgable about games as well. I ended up walking out with two games, Lost Cities and Morels.

When my boyfriend opened his presents for Christmas he was so excited! We ended up playing both the games that night and they were both super fun! We are both really competitive and these games have the right balance of strategy and opportunity to screw over your opponent to keep them interesting to play over and over again.

I think we are now customers for life at Gamescape!

I guess I don't really have any reason to give GameScape less than 5 stars. We've done MTG drafts here before and the organizers are friendly, prompt, and well organized (what more could you ask for?). Every employee I've interacted with has been friendly and genuinely knows what they're talking about. 

Sometimes the store smells a little funky (body order ^ 2) but that's not their problem. Maybe put in an air freshener?

I moved to San Francisco a year ago, and this was one of the first shops I visited in the city. I am a Warhammer Fantasy player, so obviously I wanted to find a game shop filled with like-minded nerds. When I first visited, I was quite thrilled to see such a large selection of Warhammer miniatures. Our game store back in Upstate New York was fairly small, and a limited selection, so you could say I was "having a moment". The shop also has a large variety of board games, tabletops, puzzles, etc. 

That being said, I also found a lot of things about this store that I definitely did not like. The cleanliness factor being one of them. Can you say, dust? DUST! Dust everywhere! Even on the models! I don't think I've ever sneezed so much in a store before. That and there is sometimes a faint musky smell that seeps in, especially in the back of the store.
I was also pretty disappointed when I was told that they only play 40k in the store, due to the lack of interest in FB from many of their customers. I was always aware that 40k is way more popular than FB, but at least in the other game stores I've been to, FB has always been a thing. Even for its small remaining fanbase.

The overall vibe from the store is also not very exciting. Yeah, there's a big selection, but that's not what makes a store "great", in my opinion. The customer service here is very poor. The guys working behind the counter are not very engaging, even when you try to start a conversation with them. The only time they ever feel obligated to say much of anything to me is when I ask for help, or have a question on one of the products. Their product knowledge is impressive, and these guys really seem to know what they're talking about. I just wish the environment was more friendly and extroverted, so newcomers would feel more welcome. That's possibly why this store isn't usually full. Each time I've ever visited, there is barely anyone in here, unless there's a draft or if it's 40k night. Aside from the occasional guys I see playing MTG in the back.

As far as a game shop goes, it's pretty good. But it's definitely not the best one I've been to. If you want a shop with large variety, excellent customer service, and great prices, head over to Games of Berkeley. They're possibly the best store I've visited in the Bay Area.

I went here today for the first time.  On a personal note, walking through a board game store in a tie (after a meeting) feels ridiculously awkward.  But nonetheless, not living in the area I decided to check out the local BG store. This place is AMAZING. My family's collection borders on 125 to 140 games and my wish list is even bigger. Gamescape had every damn game on my wishlist and If I had more time, I could have spent 2 hours and several hundred $$$ there.

The selection is by far the best I have seen, from classic cardboard to new releases.  The game I bought was in fact a new release and not one I expected to see in stores for a while.  I'm also not a miniatures guy but the paint and miniatures selection was double that of most stores, not to mention the row of open gaming tables in the back.

For my money this is the best store board game shop in the Bay Area and I wish I lived closer.  For me, at least once in a while, Gamescape would be worth a long drive and a longer visit.

This place can cram alot of board games and stuff into a medium sized store.  Price points are fair and it is also fairly clean.  What gets the 5 stars is that the employees are nice and knowledgeable and that their open board game tables in the back have the biggest selection of games to play that I have seen so far in a board game store.  It doesn't have "everything" like Games of Berkeley does but it probably will have what you need so long as that its fair popular or well known.  The games in the back though, lots and lots.

After (too) many years away from the board-gaming world I happened to walk by Gamescape and was immediately captivated by the store. War games, board games, role playing games... you name it. These folks have it all! The staff is very helpful and the regular players that gather there are extremely friendly and will gladly introduce you to whatever game is being played that day.
You might be able to find cheaper prices online but I am more than happy to pay 1-2 extra dollars to support our local store and enjoy the Sunday Warmachine sessions.

This is a hard review to make, since I 100% want to support local FLGS stores, and as far as I can tell, this is certainly not a bad one.  But the two star review represents my disappointing experience, nonetheless.

I came into the store to specifically ask for Dixit sleeves, and the guy behind the counter said that these sleeves (FFG Tarot size) would fit Dixit sleeves.  I said, "Okay," even though I had a vague feeling he was wrong about it, but I, going against my usual instinct, trusted him.  He rang me up, asked me if I wanted a receipt, and by habit I said yes.  

I went home, and the sleeves definitely didn't fit Dixit.  I went back to the store the next time it was convenient for me, but could only get store credit for it, despite the fact that it was A) their mistake and B) I had to specifically request the receipt.

To me, the only advantages of an FLGS over an OLGS is customer service and event hosting.  I can't speak to the latter, but I was really disappointed by the former.  Their lack of product knowledge (combined with a lack in ethic to double check) cost me my time and $10, and all I got was store credit and an apathetic shrug from the guy behind the counter.

I have been coming to Gamescape regularly since January 2014. Gamescape is my FLGS (Friendly Local Gaming Store) and it has served all of my gaming needs quite well! 
In addition to a great location, this place sells all sorts of gaming paraphernalia. Bpard games, card games, dice, drinks, puzzles, books, miniatures, kits, cases, figurines, snacks, paint, you name it! Well, don't name video games, because they don't sell them. 
Gamescape also runs sanctioned Magic: The Gathering events, D&amp;D Encounters/Adventure League, Heroclix and even a board game night!
The staff is super awesome and sometimes does a free little hamburger/hotdog bbq on special event gamedays which is really cool of them. Sure, the prices are higher than amazon, retail will always be higher than online, but I continue to support Gamescape for the community and since Gamescape is the ONLY FLGS IN SAN FRANCISCO!
I love you, Gamescape!

We have walked by this place so many times and it was always when they were closed. Finally, we went on a weekday, and got to visit! Oh my, like a kid in a candy store. So many games it was overwhelming! Love it.

Come on all you wanna be dungeon masters.

Great game store to buy puzzles (love the  3d tower of London), boardgames, brain teasers, models, and collectibles.

I feel like Sheldon cooper (from big bang theory) every time I step foot in here (penny, penny penny)...sorry inside joke.

Help is pretty good and will point things out to you.

Only downside is that some of their inventory is dusty (and a bit old)...cmon guys whip out the swiffer and dust your inventory.

Parking is so so as divisadero is busy.

Darth Sidious says CHECK IT OUT!

I'm not an expert gamer ... So each time I go here I need help from the staff. And I always get great advice! 

I've bought a few interesting party games from this place and they have always been a hit. Just ask the staff.

WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN. 
Me and a friend bought Star Trek of Catan there yesterday, to play together before I'll be leaving town tomorrow. The game came with a set of cards that was completely covered in mold (looks to have been contained within sealed pack). We called them and they told us that they would be getting in another copy today, that they would call us and we come down today and exchange it. After not hearing from them all day we finally gave them a call, at which point the manager informed us that he would be unable to take ANY RETURNS because of his contract with mayfair and that we had to call the company directly. So my friend is out $60 for the game and I'm out $35 for the expansion that I will probably never get to play. THANKS GAMESCAPE. This is my first and last time buying anything from this store.

I've been to Gamescape three to four times and must admit that their collection is pretty impressive. They've got tons of different games available, pieces and expansions for said games and the store looks like it organizes different themed nights for the board game community. Overall this store seems to be a hit which is reflected in all of the five star reviews it's gotten.

However, in each of the times I've visited, I and my friends were not once greeted or even offered help. I understand that your employees are engaged in interesting conversations with each other but the fact that not one of the three behind the desk even bothered to acknowledge me is downright insulting. If I was going to just read the back of the boxes of each game and make my choice based on their descriptions, it'd be much more easier to just go on Amazon. They provide the same amount of info for much better prices.

Don't get me wrong, I love supporting local businesses and have no problem paying a little more for the shops around the city but when they can't even provide me a greeting (let alone actual assistance) id rather take my business elsewhere.

The business itself though does have a great layout and some great services which is why I still gave it a 3 star rating. Still though that doesn't change the poor customer service.

Sad thing was that I was ready to make my purchase with cash in hand. Oh well..guess that's money I've saved and I'll wait for my shipment from amazon to come in.

Good game recommendations!

After calling in and asking about pricing it was apparent that they overcharged me for my order. I went in and was given the equivalent of what I paid for and was on my way in under five minutes. Review score updated to reflect this, 4/5

(See pics) Review #1175. Amazing shop loaded with all the traditional wonderful jigsaw puzzles (up to 600 pieces!) and tons of toy models, board games and some comic books. And the classic chess boards are beautiful like artwork.

Forget about going out for movies on a weekend night, challenge your brain and interact with your friends and family instead!

And if you are game, check out their calendar as they have half of the shop for their game nights/weekends.

I often have friends who want very odd games as gifts.  This place ALWAYS has them and their prices are SUPER reasonable!  I come here as often as I can and inevitably end up leaving with way more than i had intended to.

Really amazing for board games, not super amazing for TCGs though so be warned!! Def go here for board games though~~^o^v

I really like this place! I didn't know places like these existed. There is a huge selection of unique games, puzzles, etc. that you don't usually find elsewhere. I believe they also host events throughout the week. In the far back, there are tables and you can sample many of the games that are available and already open. You'll discover fun, new games and fun, old games. :) Definitely a place worth checking out. You'll probably stay for a while.

I asked for card sleeves that would fit cards for the Dixit board game series. The guy at the counter handed me the card sleeve packs. It wasn't that cheap, around $5.50 a pack of 30. Anyways, I opened the card sleeve packs and they ended up being too small for Dixit cards, so I'm pretty dissatisfied with my purchase.

A fine esoteric collection of board games plus a few sets of Cards Against Humanity are for sale here too (without too much of a markup from Amazon's infinitely backordered waitlist). Keeping the core authenticity up, there's a handful of paladins and druids gaming in the back.

Awesome game store! Large selection of contemporary and classic board games, also have a large selection of chess and other traditional game supplies as well. They are popular with the RPG community and often have games being played in the store. Helpful staff, it's the best game store around.

I am a huge, huge, huge fan of board games. I love them all from Scrabble to Connect 4 to Catan to Trivial Pursuit and beyond. I even love playing games that are way too easy for me like Chutes and Ladders or Candyland. I like playing games where you use your brain,card games, games where you have to act, draw, think fast, or tell embarrassing facts about yourself. In fact for our wedding Sir Nicholas and I gave everyone a game in their welcome bag so that we could play them for the time we were away. And when I travel with Nick we always have 3 or 4 travel games in our carry-on bags to play and pass the time.

Gamescape has been the place that I've bought countless games since moving to the city. I love it because they have such an interesting selection and I find games I've never heard of, games I have heard of and really want, and more travel versions of my favorite games than I've seen elsewhere.

Plus the staff is friendly and the place is walking distance from my house. And lastly, Gamescape has 4 tables available for multi-purpose gaming and they are free for any customer to use. You have to check with staff before going to make sure they are free, but how awesome is it that they have space to encourage game playing right there in the store? Pretty, pretty awesome I say.

First trip to Gamescape and I was overwhelmed by the options. As with any store with games one challenge is to figure out what a game is all about and if it would be fun. But Gamescape has the covered with awesome dudes behind the counter who obviously love to talk games. Very friendly, very helpful and simply full of games.

I stumbled upon this store year ago when I was at the car wash across the street and it is truly a treasure. I believe this store offers everything you could want in a game store. In addition to a huge selection of board and card games for adults, they have a decent section for kids' games. They even carry some games for casual gamers and people who are looking for a light party game. The only products they don't seem to carry are theme games; for example, don't go here if you are looking for The Simpsons' Scene It game...I know because I was looking for it for my sister-in-law.

The service here is also great. While the staff is decidedly geeky (this should be no surprise at a board game store,) they are also friendly and helpful. If you go in when it's not too busy, they will usually chat with you. Last time I went in, I had four Visa gift cards to use with odd amounts left on them, which is super annoying, but the employee let me do it. It turned out to be a disaster as there system would only take three credit cards even though the credit card reader let him scan all four. He was very flexible in solving the problem and though flustered, did not convey how annoyed he really must have been!

I have not been to other game and hobby stores in San Francisco so I cannot compare my experience here with others, but I really don't feel the need as this store is great!

If your sack is filled with funny shaped dice, you already know about this place.

Or you need to see a doctor. Immediately.

The store has been around forever and, while the stock and staff have changed over time, Gamescape has outlived other gaming chains and still offers a great place to browse for timekillers.

Don't know exactly what you want? The staff is pretty knowledgeable about all the items in stock (which is an impressive collection) and can offer you an overview of gameplay/rules without nerding out or pushing you into either of the store's two staples (Warhammer 40K and Warmachine/Hordes).

Know what you're looking for? This is where things get sticky. In general, they'll probably have what you want in stock and can show you where it is. If it's going to be a special order situation, you have to roll d20 saving versus entropy with a penalty from no partner stores.

Speaking of "sticky", the store is laid out so that things get progressively more hardcore nerdy the further back you go, all the way to the rear gaming tables and The Smell™. The store typically leaves their front door open during business hours but no amount of fresh air seems to be able to cut through that much nerd gravy.

Oh yeah. If you spend $250 or more, you'll earn a sweet in-store discount for a year. Maybe not the greatest thing for the shopper who had to stop in once to pick up some gifts... but if you're into wargaming, collectible card games, or painting miniatures, you'll see this pays off quickly.

Where do I start? Gamescape is everything I ever wanted in a game store. The selection is amazing, and the staff have an encyclopedic knowledge of what's on their shelves. Their stock covers all skill levels - if you're in the mood for a hardcore gaming experience, they've got something for you. If you'd rather have a simple game to goof off with your friends for an hour or two, they've got that too. 

Also, check out the game selection flowchart above the cash register! It hasn't steered us wrong yet. 

The best part is the customer service. I've been treated like dirt just for having the nerve to be a lady in multiple game shops - here, they treat me like the obsessive gamer I am, and I swear they always have the perfect recommendation for me when I come in. Seriously, Gamescape is the best game shop around.

If you're a nerd who wants a laugh read the bad and filtered reviews of this store. "OMG nerds, amiright?" "too much dnd stuff" "no dogolpoly" "i only went in because i was dating this hot nerd"

This is a great, old school game store. Sometimes I end up talking to the employee ringing up my purchases about something like the Game of Thrones: LCG for 15-20 minutes. They always have great recommendations concerning  new games and while I've never been to one of their game nights, I've heard nothing but good things about them. 

Occasionally I run into an awkward employee here. Being of the "oh crap, social moment, what do I do?" crowd myself I see the awkwardness and do not judge. However, I've come in here with my 'cool' friends and they can sometimes interpret this as being rude. (No idea why they hang out with me).

If you're new to the city do not hesitate to come here based on the few negative reviews, like i've implied it's likely awkwardness mistaken for rudeness or extreme causal gamers upset over silly things. They have a sweet selection and seem to hire based on knowledge over social skills. 

They have even sold me "unsellable" open games at discounted rates because I just 'needed' the latest expansion.

I came here for a Magic midnight prerelease. It was really hot... But lots of fun! The workers are cool. They give out many prizes so stick around to the end!!!!

Most of the people that come here are pretty cool as well. Most, 99% not all :P They also sell a bunch of random board games and play warhammer and stuff.

Pros:
Ample selection of board games, magic, miniatures, and classics like chess and go.
Helpful staff.

Cons: 
Events and community aren't really fostered with much enthusiasm here, or perhaps they are but in a very one-sided kind of way.  I think the employees enjoy table top wargaming (War Machine, Warhammer 40K etc) more so than most other types of games.  A few months back, I asked them if I could host an open RPG event there (a single adventure of a little-known RPG) for one evening, and the employee brought up their events calendar. It literally had Warhammer 40k on every single day for the next 60 days, with no openings, no RPGs, no Magic, no board games.  So, that's great if you're into wargaming, but it felt like getting the cold shoulder.  I just checked their calendar, and see that they now have 1 night for D&amp;D Encounter, 1 night for Magic, 1 night for Boardgames, and 1 night for tabletop wargaming, so I guess something must have changed. 

Anyway, I do enjoy the place a lot as an avid gamer.  I also think that non-gamers would have luck coming in here and just asking for advice on what to try to get into the hobby or what gift to buy for their friends / kids / co-workers, etc.

Purchased here:

Risk
Axis and Allies
Chess
MTG

Close to my house, friendly staff that helps clarify rules, mega-selection. It makes me feel good about indulging my nerdy side.

Come for the FNM, stay for the irreverence. 

It's yr friendly local place to buy board games, card games, puzzles, and those useless, magnetized, easy-to-gift executive toys. They carry esoterica as well as the usual offenders.

Some store-hosted events (though you'd do well to look at the events on the site): FNM, Magic: The Gathering release/pre-release events, Heroclix, D&amp;D, board game nights. I've been to the MtG stuff but not the other things, so as far as I know, they may or may not (exist / be awesome). 

It's crowded but I'm not sure I perceive this as a con. It feels like poring-exploring through a WIZARD'S TOWER stacked high with KNOWLEDGE TOMES.

Gamescape is hands down one of the better game/hobby stores in San Francisco, some reasons being:

1) Friendly and helpful customers service, the staff here are very knowledgeable about almost every game in their store, and can communicate about products at in depth level

2) A wide selection of products, appealing to all types of gamers whether they be players of TCGs, Miniature games, boardgames, and others.

3) Generous prizes for events they have, even people who get last place at certain events get prizes

This venue definitely offers one of San Francisco's more extensive gaming selections, and great customer service.

I am so excited, because I am going to Gamescape TOMORROW! To buy some new games. Scrabble, Settlers of Catan, and maybe a crazy, complicated game that uses unique cards and takes 20 hours to play. We'll see. I am going to buy games!! Woohoo. 

This store rules. They have it all. Go here and have fun.

Gamescape has the best selection of any boardgame store on the peninsula.  They always have the latest games and I can't walk out of there without one or two new acquisitions.  The staff knows their stock backwards and forwards, both what is on the shelf and what can be ordered.

The only real drawback is that parking near the location is just miserable.  It's so bad that I've actually had my wife drop me off at the store while she went to shop elsewhere then swing by to pick me up after.  The only problem with that plan is that I found WAY too many things to buy with all the extra time.

I am swearing off online game buying FOREVER. I can give you several reasons, among which include:

1) The internet isn't going to give me great customer service, ever.
2) I enjoy looking at a game and seeing what I am buying, before I buy it.
3) I like asking someone for recommendations and getting my questions answered
4) Local stores pay rent and keep our downtowns alive and vibrant
5) Local stores employ local people, online stores don't even pay taxes to the state of California

So this is why I shop at Gamescape. They have a great selection of games, wonderful service, are located on a block that keeps it real with unique shops and cafes. It's clean, it's well organized. I am paying a real price for it, yes it may cost a bit more than if I "bought it online" but well I like having a downtown and employing people so I'm willing to pay extra for that.

Games I have bought so far, Settlers of Catan, extension of Catan, Master Mind, Chutes and Ladders, and a few others I can't even remember now. Great selection for both adults and children. Ask the staff for recommendations if you don't know where to start. This a great local store, and it's near a cool comic book store too. What's not to love?

This place is expensive.  I visited to pick up a few games for "Game Night" and was impressed and a little overwhelmed by the large number of items.  I bought Pictionary and Apples to Apples, both $40+.  I could have gone somewhere less expensive, however I didn't realize the large mark-up prior to heading in.  I made myself feel better by telling myself that I was "giving back to my local neighborhood store/community", but truth be told, it was ridiculously expensive.  I probably won't go back unless I'm in some sort of bind for a specialty game.  

Note:  The people who work here aren't that friendly, they're nerdy game store employees (I noticed an employee's high school prom picture posted on the wall behind the counter.)  Stereotypical D&amp;D peeps.

Like everyone has already stated previously Gamescape is one of the best stores to buy games in the city. You can buy old games like scrabble, new games like Yu-Gi-Oh the card game, and games that you've probably never heard of! Their staff is extremely nice, and always greets you when you come in/out. 

Not only does this shop have nice selection of games it also hosts the ONLY Pokemon league in San Francisco every Tuesday (unless stated otherwise) from 5-7! They coordinator for this event is also one of the nicest person that I have had the pleasure to meet. He will provide you great tips on the Pokemon card game, and will teach you how to play it too! The community is small because it only started a few months ago, but everyone is nice. The league community includes card game players, as well as video game players (both have their experienced players!). It's just a fun little place where you can hang out too!

Today was the second time I've had to come here to replace a lost game piece.  

The first (years ago) was for a couple Scrabble tiles that had gone missing; they gave me replacements for free - so awesome!

I haven't had occasion to go back until yesterday, after the unfortunate loss of a friend's Taboo timer during a Das Boot beer drinking competition. Yeah, that's another story...

Anyway, popped in, asked for help, and was offered a 3 minute sand timer; after a quick google, we realized the 1 minute timer was what I needed. It was super cheap, and the friendly nerdy boys behind the counter humored us while we wandered around aimlessly for a bit.

I probably won't be stopping by to play D&amp;D or anything, but I'll gladly make any future game purchases here!

I'm all about supporting local business and have shopped at Gamescape several times. However, when that local business marks everything up 80-100% over other stores prices, I find it downright insulting. 

Kudos to Gamescape for having a cool shop with a nice game selection. Shame on Gamescape for taking advantage of their customers. 

Two stars for the selection and moderately helpful staff. 

Sadly, I won't shop here again.

Great place for getting obscure and classical games. But there still isn't a lot in there in terms of collectable games or games that people would usually want to play to make it worth an effort.

They claim that they have some Magic games going on. But when I visited, there weren't any going on. So I just went back to my usual place I liked to go for such things.

Seriously?!?! You yelpers like this place?!?! Its way way way over priced!!! Let me repeat again- way way way over priced!!
A good store- nice collection- ridiculous prices. I can find the same board games at least 40% (yes 40%) cheaper online.
Really surprised the store is still in business!! Guess because of yelpers like you!

If your friends and you are geeky, this is the right place for you. It's like a tiny world  of myth and magic. Also, if you are looking for a good gift, you can find about anything here.

Another place I should have reviewed a while ago.  They have a monster selection of games, a great location, and pretty sweet store.  

Not a hard-core-gamers-only establishment.  Recently went looking for Three-Dragon Ante on a whim.  They had Three-Dragon Ante.  They didn't even make me roll a save, or feat, or whatever before they would help me (confession: I Googled that and probably still got it wrong).  

Good work, GameScape.  Any improvements I could suggest would just be ridiculous shit like "more unicorns."  If you want a game store, here's a game store.

I love wandering around this place.  It's not so big so there isn't much room to wander, but their selection of games is probably unsurpassed in the city.  They re-organize their main shelves fairly frequently as well, so they usually have the newest releases front and center.   They have also let me/my wife in a couple of times after hours for gaming emergencies (she once convinced them to sell her some citadels glue while they were  closing up).

The good:
Every game, ever
some of the employees are very nice, super helpful, and top notch

The neutral:
Their games are all full MSRP

The less than great:

Other of their employees are less than helpful (describing 3 games in a row as 'worker placement games' to someone who has never stepped foot in a game store is not so good).

They have miniature battle nights, but no game nights.  They had set up game nights at the cafe down the street, but that place closed.

I came here recently with my boyfriend to find a game to play on a lazy Sunday.  The employees are great and will explain games to you and let you try them out if they have a copy that is opened. Be prepared to pay a little more than amazon but thats the price to pay to play right away :)

Looking for games for kids, adults, serious gamers and neophytes, this is the place to go in San Francisco. I have been a customer of GameScape since the early 1980's. They stock almost everything in circulation by the major game manufacturers like Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers like Monopoly, Clue, Candyland, and Scrabble. 

The store also stocks most RPG games from the major producers and miniature games. Hard to find items maybe special ordered if the item is available from the distributors. 

I miss the war gaming section in the back that has been replaced by miniatures gaming tables but they are just as fun to participate in when the space is available. You should call ahead to see when the gaming tables are open. 

The puzzle selection is pretty huge for a store their size. You can find anything from 100pieces or less for kids, 1000-2000 piece puzzles for a fun gift and 10,000 piece puzzles for the master puzzlers. They also carry puzzle carriers and puzzle glue. 

Although they do not sell single cards for CCG's, GameScape does carry MTG, Pokemon and almost every other popular game that involves collectible cards.

I enjoy the foreign board games section the most. Many are from German and foreign design companies like Rio Grand, Kosmos, Reiner Knizia, and Hans im Gluck. All the games have instructions in English. I enjoy the foreign games the most because they create the best opportunities for players expand how to think as a gamer and socialize with others.

A neat, if somewhat typical, board game store. I'll say this: they have a fantastic selection, but unfortunately they just don't have a lot space. I guess that's the price for premium real estate in the city limits of San Francisco. So it's a bit tough navigating through tight shelves and trying to see what you want. The staff was nice, and the selection very generous. It's just that I wish the layout were a bit better for browsing. Unless you know exactly what you're looking for, you'll probably just get overwhelmed with the material crammed together. All in all, not a bad game store.

First I have to praise Gamescape's super helpful and friendly staff. Second the store stocked with award winning games, new classics as well as hard to find favorites and expansion packs.
Third is they take AMEX, which isn't a big deal unless you are an AMEX user.
I would recommend Bang!, Ticket To Ride, Dix-it and Munchkin.

This will be a quickie.  Essentially, I was looking all over on Yelp and Google trying to find a store where I could find either a poker table or a Texas Hold 'Em/Blackjack table cover for a James Bond themed casino night.  I even tried those casino gambling websites (way too expensive).  It was much harder than I expected to find what I was looking for.  Luckily, I was guided to GameScape.  The day before the party I strolled into Gamescape and found exactly what I was looking for.  They had poker tables and top quality poker sets and poker table coverings.  The prices were reasonable and the man behind the counter was super helpful as well as super friendly.  He also gave me a discount because one of the poker covers wasn't perfect and he gave me a pretty decent sized discount because of it.  

If you're looking for casino night props or real poker tables or covers, look no further than GameScape.  They came through in the clutch for me.  

Oh, and all the board games and Star Wars memorabilia was pretty cool too...

What a great experience at this Diviz gem! I came here to find some ninja inspired gag gifts and this place did not disappoint! The two guys working were super helpful and were good sports despite my lack of gaming knowledge. They even put together the little figurines for me and taught me some lingo. While I didn't have time to pick up any board games, the selection looked impressive and I will certainly be back to get a new board game or two. Wonderful place with a neighborhood vibe. Highly recommended. Thanks guys!

I'm not sure how else one could rate a game store besides:

- Amazing selection
- Helpful, nice and knowledgeable staff (they totally have social skills)
- Reasonable hours
- Open nights for games

Gamescape has alll of these things. I'm happy to pay a bit more than the lowest worldwide/internet price and I'm proud to have it in my neighborhood.

this place is amazing.
the guys who work there are really helpful.
i'm not a gamer- at all- but wanted a few presents for friends/family who are. the guys working helped me pick out a few board, and card games. they were all big hits.
they have a huge and varied selection.

Ah, my friendly local game store (FLGS) - Conveniently located at the center of town, Gamescape boasts an enormous selection of all kind of games. The staff is expert and helpful; you will not be steered wrong.

Games are your best entertainment value. Compare them with just about any other recreational activity and you will see!

From LCR and Checkers, to GO, Chess and Imperial, Gamescape has it all. Oh and there's a little Warhammer 40K too!

Gamescape is for kids of all ages. They have a wide selection of games, and many unique versions of classic games. For example the 1960's version of Life or 1940's version of Clue. This is an excellent place to get a gift for an acquaintance, a best friend, your niece, nephew, grandma, or add to your own game collection at home. Excellent selection of games  and knowledgable staff but a little pricey.

They closed the Warhammer 40k store @metreon. So sad. But now I come here for everything I need as a Hobby Artist. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable dont be shy to ask them anything. I know I did. Great selection too!

A wonderland of board games, puzzles and classics like Dart and Chess. A very unique shop in SF, and a wonderful and friendly staff to boot!

I didn't realize how dependent I'd become on having a game store in my neighborhood until I went to the East Coast for the holidays and really wanted to get specific games (Set &amp; Jungle Speed) to make the time there a tad more bearable.  But where-in-the-heck do you go to buy random games when you don't have a game store?!?!?!?

I have not yet walked into GameScape and found them to be lacking in what I was looking for.  I also enjoy that I'm not judged for the fact that although many folks may be in there to stock-up on their D&amp;D needs, I'm usually just looking for a new cardgame.  They also have a wonderful sense of humor about their main (D&amp;D-loving) clientele and therefore create a welcoming environment for everyone.

I absolutely love Gamescape!  My friends and I are avid gamers, from MTG to D&amp;D and lots of board games.  This store is a veritable treasure trove of fun!  The customer service here is outstanding.  While the prices might not be comparable to online stores, I would much rather support an amazing, locally-owned business.  In reference to some of the other, less positive reviews decrying Gamescape for their prices: Americans can be soooo shortsighted in their shopping ethics, but that is a different story altogether.  My friends and I also intend to attend some of the gaming events here, and I'm really excited!

I have to admit this store seriously rocks, but not in a my heart only beats for Dungeons and Dragons sort of way. It rocks because it doesn't discriminate whether you are coming in to buy a fancy (or plain) deck of cards to some $150 special edition set of Settlers of Catan they are there for you and appreciate your business. 

I particularly like the layout of the store. When you first come in to your there are all of the "classics"-- scattegories, taboo, apples to apples, trivial pursuit, some jigsaw puzzles mixed with many games that are not as common and yet intriguing; on your right some cards and card games. Their main display features games that have been ranked high by boardgame monthly? etc or are the employees personal favs. 
My boyfriend and I who have been on a new board game kick have tried several of their recommendations and find them infallible. You can be tan, with cool clothes and have up-to-date slang vocab and enjoy a new board game from time to time!  

Then as you go further back in the store you see a bunch of kids games hidden and sealed on a shelf. As if to say "that's right, we have some kids games, but we aren't not going to make a big deal about it" (I think that's there way of discouraging annoying kids from showing up).  

Then as you go even further back and especially if you veer to the right of the store. You see the nerdy side of the store really come out. As 20 sided di, fancy card sleeves, world war II games, some graphic novels and figurines of  some sort mystically appear... err, actually they were there the whole time just hidden by the L-Shape of the store. 

The people are also pretty helpful, they are passionate about board games and want you to find the right one. Also the prices are actually pretty good. We price shopped on amazon and other websites while in the store and found that after tax and shipping were about the same price. Naturally, we want to see the store stay put and liked not having to anxiously wait a couple days for a game to show up so gladly paid.

The previous reviews have it down. 

My addition would be about the selection. They have everything from Poker tables, Dart equipment, fine Chess boards, puzzles and of course all the various type of games you could hope for. 

Support you local business'!!!!!!

Between The Other Shop (great consignment shop), Cookin' (great second hand kitchen store), and Gamescape this block is my FAVORITE afternoon stroll! Gamescape has a really great selection for just browsing or you could ask an employee and you will be introduced to some awesome secret gems, their staff know every in and out on all games.. its pretty impressive. if you are a game person stop in and you will be very pleased!! it is on the pricey side but i am more then happy to pay a little more for such a great spot rather then on line research of generic games.

Gamescape has made me a customer for life.

I try to save my 5-star reviews for places that really impress me in some way, usually with their service.  If you know what you want, you can buy it anywhere, including the internet.  You can't get fantastic service just anywhere though.

I went to this store for the first time last night.  Pretty cool.  It was loaded with tons of stuff.  I ended up buying a big boxed set of some tabletop war game.

Anyway, I got home, opened it up, and started reveling in the geeky fun.

After a bit, I realized that a few pieces were missing.  I looked everywhere, and they were nowhere to be found.  I checked the box to make sure they were supposed to be included.  They were supposed to be there, but they just weren't.

I was pretty disappointed.

So anyhow, I trekked on back to the store this morning, and brought the set I had bought with me.  I told the guy working there what happened, opened up the box, and he took a look to try to figure out what pieces were missing.  After that, he went to go look around some racks to see what he could find.

Eventually, he grabbed another one of the sets that I had bought, unsealed it, opened it up and found the pieces that I was missing.  He gave it to me, and the problem was solved.

I was impressed with this service, it was everything I could have asked for.  They solved the problem quickly, and without hesitation, even though they had to open up another copy of the game.

It's said that the mark of good service is not from when everything goes right, but from when something goes wrong.  This store came through in that respect remarkably well.

I ended up browsing for a bit after that, and bought a few more things.  Whenever I need some kind of game, or something game related, I'll be going here to get it.

Great store. Nothing else like it. The staff is fantastic and spot on in their recommendations. Exceeds expectations for shoppers of all ages!

Awesome collection of both unique and traditional games! I was taking a walk down Divisadero a few days ago and their window caught my eye, so I stopped in and probably spent about an hour browsing around. Especially great if you're into adventure/historical games with cool art, or if you're like me and love "take over the world" types of board games. Unfortunately I couldn't make up my mind on what to get, but I'll definitely be back. Very nice and knowledgeable staff.

Awesome store, with pleasant staff and an outrageous assortment of games (and that's what you are looking for, right?).  I bring in my friend's 7 year old in here every now and then and he totally geeks out--the place is heaven for him--and we both have a great time looking at all of the wares.  I consistently buy my Warhammer paint (which I use for modifying Barbies, actually) here and check out what the hell whoever bought TSR is doing with Dungeons &amp; Dragons these days.  I love walking by after store hours and seeing all the geeky dudes hunched over the tables in the back playing all sorts of stuff.  This place reeks of nerd community and makes me proud to be what little part I am of it.  I so heart this place.

Not wanting to corrupt our nephew's mind with video games or disappoint him with clothes for his birthday, we came here in order to find some brain stimulating fun. I almost forgot I was shopping for my nephew and wanted to buy stuff for myself. There seemed to be a lot of role playing games and miniature model sets but there was also a vast assortment of board games and puzzles, darts, dice, and more. Our favorite was "Puerto Rico" the board game. There was also a San Juan expansion pack to add to the fun. Don't be jealous because they don't have a game for where you're from. Unless you're from Cuba. We saw that one too.

Anyway, I know what I getting as my Secret Santa gift this year.

Gamescape is the only place I go to for my roleplaying/games needs.  True I sometimes buy off the internet when I have less money, but I like to support the local businesses when I can.  They have the best selection of small press release games and suppliments I've seen.  They also carry traditional board games in astonishing variety, and jigsaw puzzles.
Special event live games are held in the back, scheduals are listed.  They have a board in the back where local gamers advertise to find a game or find other gamers.
They also carry a very small selection of game related books, comics and magazine.
They have a deal where you can get a discount on role playing products if you save your reciepts totaling 400$.  Unfortunately I'm bad at saving reciepts otherwise I'd be getting a discount there already considering how often I visit.

Whether you need Columbo: The Game or Kojak: The Game, this is the place to go. They have the best selection I've ever seen of obscure board games, many based on 70s and 80s TV shows. 

The downside is that this place is just about the most expensive game store I've ever been to. They do have a good selection though, and I try to stop by whenever I'm within a 1 mile radius.

Has something for everyone, from board games and puzzles to warhammer and magic. And the staff is friendly unlike a lot of snobby game store owners. I try to go here whenever I've got a hankering for a game instead of amazon.

They have almost every board game under the sun and the staff is so knowledgeable and helpful. 

My favorite games:

Ticket to Ride
Catan
Chinatown
Tangoes
Set
Ricochet Robot

I am usually home alone playing games alone (how sad, right?) so they always come up with a new challenging 1 person game for me. 

They also sponsor game night on Wednesdays at On The Corner - the little cafe at Oak and Divisadero. I get to play with other people here :)

This place is a gem and I have not bought a game elsewhere since I moved into the 'hood 3 years ago.

The truth is that even though I have always liked the _idea_ of this store, it's always with a sense of dread for me to actually shop there.  Tabletop game geeks are a peculiar kind and often prickly. They can smell a noob a mile away and will do their best to put them in their place.  They don't  make for the friendliest of salespeople.  Which... is not a big deal if you don't care to be buddies with the staff. But where it becomes a nuisance is when it goes beyond simple eye-rolling haughtiness to actually stonewalling a purchase!  When these guys grow up and realize that this is a business, they might shelve the attitude and sell a few more games.

Gamescape has an awesome selection of board games, puzzles, card games, miniatures, and some rare comics. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommended for all of your gaming needs!

They have a good selection and knowledgeable employees. The main minus is the parking. Like most places in SF, you often have to drive around for a bit before you can find parking within a few blocks. Otherwise, it's an awesome game store that has provided me with many recommendations as well as allowing me to impulse buy most of the games that I've had on my mind.

Okay, so way way way back in the day, my brother and I used to beg our mother to take us here after school so we could buy pokemon cards, and then in the car we'd already be unwrapping and trading. 

Now that I've moved on from money wasters like that, I come here to get unique puzzles. My roommates and I started doing copious amounts of puzzles starting freshman year, when we were too cold to go outside, or too drunk to move around anywhere. We prided ourselves on the where's waldo puzzle, and the all blue dali. We'd glue them all to cardboard and use them instead of posters. Okay, so maybe we were geeks in our own way.

But GameSpace had tons of hard puzzles but they can be pricey. Ive never bought any other games here, but they do have a large collection, and have offered to buy things that I asked about but they did not have. 

All in all, despite being out of the way for me, I still come back here for any puzzle or gaming needs.

Fifteen years ago, I would have given GameScape four stars because there were so many cool game stores that had standard board games, D&amp;D games, tweener games, novelties, and gross tables in the back on which to play the D&amp;D and tweener games.

In 2008 there aren't that many places like this left.  At least not to my knowledge.  They have a lot of stuff here, and the people working know their stuff but don't make fun of you if all you're doing is buying 20 Q and some random card game for your overnight job.  I really did want to buy my own Munchkin set, but I didn't think anyone at work would want to put up with learning how to play.

Thursday nights used to be game nights when I was in grad school.  This was in Indiana.  I would love to have game night again, but I'm not dorky enough to understand full D&amp;D-type games.  So I stick with the tweeners like Munchkin and Wiz-War and even standard board games.

Right, GameScape.  The prices could be lower, but so could all of San Francisco's prices.

I used to be a big ol' gamer geek. And by "gamer geek", I mean that I role-played. There, I said it. Dice, magical talismans, giant robots, hit points and saving throws: I liked it. A lot.

I've since completed a 12 step program (and they didn't even let me roll my d12 to see which step I'd start on!), and have become a functional, productive member of society. But as any addict will know, the addiction is still there. You may not like it, you may even despise it, but the devil still whispers in your ear.

Thanks to places like Gamescape, I can get my game on in a responsible, adult manner. No more role-playing for me, but I can still satisfy that urge to "game". I can have a drink or two and get in a few hits of Apples To Apples or Trouble, and still walk home.

Sadly, I didn't see any "CheapAss Games", for when you need a quick, crack-like fix. Perhaps somewhere in the dangerously full shelves, there's one of their five-dollar hits of goofy fun, but I didn't see any.

Of course, the old upper and downer standards are here, Connect 4, Life, Risk, Chess, Backgammon, Battleship, etc., etc. If you just need to smoke away a few dollars, there's plenty of card-collecting games here. I was surprised to find that Magic The Gathering and Pokemon are still even in production, but I suppose that just shows that I haven't been on the wagon all that long.

And yes, should you feel the need to chase the dragon, there are enough role-playing games here to keep you in a fuzzed out haze for months on end, only to wake up ghost-white from sunlight-deprivation, surrounded by cracked dice, burnt out Coca-Cola cans, and moldy pizza boxes, with roughly 27 character personalities running around in your deep-fried brain, wearing nothing but your mother's soiled underwear. 

Not that such has ever happened to me.

I just moved and have a new downstairs neighbor...one who pounds on the ceiling when I watch TV and says my friends and I (all three of us) are being too loud at midnight on a Saturday night when we are simply playing a friendly game of Sorry, sans music or TV. She likes to yell and seemingly is allergic to rational conversation in the daytime. 

I might passively aggressively shove some fucking earplugs in her mailbox since I am probably too loud when making a cup of coffee as well. I most likely will keep half of the bag for myself to prepare for special moments when she actually comes upstairs to go off on me like an escapee from the asylum. 

Too bad Gamescape doesn't sell earplugs...it would be one stop shopping, because I refuse to cut out my leisure activities just because she is a noise sensitive psychopath. I am sure Gamescape had no idea that boardgames required earplugs or they would probably stock them at the counter as a last minute pick up item. 

I know this because they sell everything else associated with games. If you are looking for it they have it. From the super geeky extensive D&amp;D stuff in the back to about 10 different pirate games (who knew that this many pirate games even existed!!??) to Apples to Apples, which is what I came in for, even though I now need the 80s edition of Trivial Pursuit and am the proud owner of Battleship. Yes, the prices are higher but it is an independent shop with a much better selection than what you would find somewhere else. 

I hope my neighbor is ready because tomorrow is game night and I am ready to rumble!

best game store in the sf bay area.  

extensive selection.  + 3 stars
knowledgeable staff (but customer service is subpar).  +  star

it's a good location (for sf, no parking as usual).  it's near a comic bookstore and many good restaurants ranging from $$-$$$$.

We called first thing on a Saturday morning looking for Cards Against Humanity for a birthday present. Normally you can't find that in stores as it is sold by the manufacturer online only. But the party was in 30 minutes and we wanted that game right now! After calling around, we called this store, and they had it for a reasonable price ($40). So my husband ran in to grab it while I got gas down the street. He was really impressed with their game selection, and I was thrilled I didn't have to wait a week to have it shipped. We're definitely going back when we have some more time.

This is the kind of place nerds like to gather in. I was just getting a puzzle, so I didn't fit in with the guys talking about RPG's and crap at the counter. But they made for a really funny background noise. I don't know why, I just like the nerdy kind of people out there. Kind of pretentious, live in their mom's basement, type of guys with a chip on their shoulder. Don't worry boys, I don't judge. I prefer your type of bitterness toward life than the average hipster. Call me crazy, but I do enjoy a Comicon-24 sided dice sort of man in my life. I would give it 5 stars, but I was virtually ignored until I went to buy my puzzle. I'll still be back.

Hey Kids!! Do you wanna see a magic trick? You do?? All right... pay close attention. Nothin' up my sleeves. And now for the magic words...

I like board games, SHAZAM!!!!
*poof*
Just like that I made the minuscule amount of my remaining street cred disappear before your very eyes.

Board games have a come a long way since I was a wee tyke. Believe it or not, my tastes run towards games for adults such as: Settlers of Cataan, Ticket to Ride, Apples to Apples, Zombies... These are the type of games that GameScape carries.

The Chronicle released their Best Of '07 Board Games last Sunday and I took it with me to purchase some Christmas presents. They had every single game I was looking for, including the entire run of the "10 Days in..." series. Not just the one I was looking for, but all four in the series. 

It is very much a specialty shop and here is where my complaint comes in. They don't carry enough mainstream titles. The games of our childhood. Ya'know, for the kids. It wouldn't be a problem if there was a Toys 'R Us or a Target in the city limits, but there isn't. I stopped in looking for an old school game for my nephew and they didn't carry it, but they did carry a game about a German Railroad Tycoon....

The staff are all incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. I do get a bit of a D&amp;D vibe from this place, which I wish they would move away from. There is a cool comic shop (Isotope) in the city, why not a cool board game shop?? They could have a bar in the back and gaming tables... ahhh, a boy can dream can't he??

Love this shop.  But twice now I made the trek over on a Sat morning with my son to find it closed during business hours.  Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?

This is where you shop for games in San Francisco.  It's that simple.  They have all of the good games.  They're not cheap, but they're awesome.  Go buy Agricola if you haven't already - best seventy bucks I've spent in a long time.  If you're looking for games like Settlers of Catan, Puerto Rico, Carcasonne, Atlantic Star, etc., this is where you get them.

There was a request for a board game. I Yelped it and found GameScape.

What a trip. I always wondered what happened to those guys from highschool. All of them, I mean every last one of them, is at GameScape.

Add gaming (is that what they call it?) to the list of subcultures I don't feel part of... 

Man, I'm running out of options. 

Poetry slams, knitting clubs, and salsa dancing are pretty much all that remains before I go monastic.

Update:

I have to take a star away for their exorbitant pricing...I thought 40 bucks was a little much for a board game.

This is my favorite game store.  I remember driving an hour to come here to get my fix of Magic the Gathering.  Gamescape is THE place for the gaming hook up in the San Francisco Bay Area.

Where can you go wrong here?  Lots of games of all types.  They don't play favorites.  Role-playing games, board games, miniature wargames, card games and loads of other stuff.  If you're looking for a gift for a gamer, and you're not sure what to get, ask the staff.  They are a friendly knowledgeable lot.

I know I like hitting this store and Comix Experience a few doors down when I'm on this block of Divisadero.  This place is a Natural 20 to me.

Wow. Holy God this place is crazy.

When I come in here, my freakin' ADD kicks in, and I'm hyper-focusing on the amazing plethora of variety of profusion of game-dom in existence. Card games about zombies, and board games about pirates, and then the tabletop ones about ninjas fighting the zombie-pirates. Of course you can find all the classics in here, with some really expensive show versions fit for those with fireplaces and a bear skin rug. Incredible miniature collection on their walls as well.

I start reminiscing of all the odd games my brother and I used to play, and lo and behold, you can still buy them here! Jesus, don't these old game companies ever die? And if they do, then who are the fans that keep shaking the corpses and propping them on chairs like Weekend at Bernie's?

I believe I came in here to find a copy of Settlers of Catan. Surprise surprise, I soon was basking in my naivete as I realized they had five different versions, complete with add-ons. The settlers go to space....wha??

It's a pity I don't play games much anymore; it's too hard to find people to play with, even though I've tried to coerce others with modified rules involving liquor and illicit acts. It was a great way to interact with others, have an amusing time, and still use your head in an intelligent manner. Instead, it's all about the drugs, women, and rock 'n' roll these days. =P  But if this place ever burnt down to the ground, I would be there with the rest, candle in hand mourning GameScape's passing.

My friend and I were on our way to a dinner party, and I'd volunteered to go look around for a new party game for us to play.  Our usual fare is something along the lines of Liar's Dice, Apples-to-Apples, Bang!, Euchre, Trivial Pursuit...  something fun, social.

My nearby game-finding options were Ace Hardware, The Ark Toy Store, and Green Apple Books.  Not exactly the sweet spot for game stores.  That's when I was recommended (by all three of these spots) to hit up GameScape.

Here's where I'll simply say: this place rocks.  The guy behind the counter had plenty of suggestions for our needs.  They also have a very wide variety of brain teaser contraptions, puzzles, board games, chess sets, card/strategy/role-playing games.  

BUT THE PEOPLE WATCHING...  outstanding.  Not only were my fellow patrons helpful as well (eager to be), they were awesome.  What a great slice of life.  I'm coming back here soon.  (Don't forget the comic book store two doors down either.  I think the two places cross-polinate.)

The absolute best game store in the city.

They have a great selection and the staff is enthusiastic and very helpful. They know the games because they play the games. Not just mindless drones who are trained to use a register. 

There really is no comparison.

Do you guys know about KEM Cards? 

KEM cards are made entirely of cellulose acetate material, the most durable plastic used today in playing card production. These cards are scuff and break resistant and completely washable. KEM Cards were originally made in the U.K. Each deck came with an order form, allowing you to replace any lost or damaged cards at will.  IN 2004, however, KEM Cards was bought out by US Playing Card Company, which, being a shitty profit-driven American company, discontinued the replacement option. A double deck of KEM Cards now comes in a thick, black plastic case and will run you $30 to $45. 

In my family, owning KEM Cards is a right of passage. Iranians are serious gamers. My parents had a few decks of KEM Cards from the old country. I remember lazy Saturday afternoons washing and drying these cards with Mommy. When my brother went off to college, he bought himself a double decker. I still remember the pattern. I bought my first double set in college as well. I still have them and to this day will not let my friends use them whilst wasted.

A few years back I went to Gamescape to buy cusband a double deck as a thank you for a good weekend in L.A. Sure enough, not only did they have them, but they warned me of US Playing Card Company's eminent ownership. These guys were as bummed out as me. Anyway, I got cusband his set. He still has it, and I'm sure will have it for decades to come. 

My hippy roommate Jenny bought my French roommate Hugues a really nice b-gammon set here back in 1999. Come to think of it, my Mom bought one here more recently. 

God. I love this store. I'm not even gonna start in on their dice collection.

They have a great selection coupled with a friendly and knowledgeable staff.  One of the best game stores I have ever been to.

I was literally awestruck, with a big, dopey grin on my face, the moment I stepped foot in the door. The tall, over-stuffed shelves seem to hold every cool strategy and party game I've ever heard people rave about. I wanted to buy most of them. Then there's all the chess/checkers/backgammon sets. And the racks of RPG books. And displays of gaming miniatures. Tucked in the back is a modest table clearly designed for gaming groups to meet and play, and I noted some shelves back there for storing larger terrain and model pieces. FYI - if you're a huge CCG player, be aware their selection of that appears minimal. If I were in this part of the city more often, and it wasn't such a trek from Berkeley, I'd definitely be in here periodically.

Coolest game store ever.... and the young gents that work there transcend nerdiness.  They are so hip nerdy they come off as way too cool, and someone I might like to have a beverage with... and then play a rousing game of something or rather.

Anyhoo... it is an overwhelming place.  They have everything you need... and even more crap you don't.  Near the back of the store your get the pewter gaming pieces, and the guys playing games at the tables in the back.  If you are frightened of people openly appreciating their dorkiness, you may not want to travel that far back.

SOoooo much fun.  Thanks!

So I was perusing the shelves a while back when a young manchild approached me.  Honey, he was mewling he was so young.  Anyways, this sweet thing actually tried to spit game to me!  Ok, yes, I like to think I'm a stone fox but I was old enough to be his very hip mama who had him when she was a teenager.  He said, "I may be 16 on the streets but I'm 26 between the sheets, girl".  And ya know what?  He was*.

Oh, I also like it here because they turned me on to Cranium, the best game I believe I've ever played.  And, baby, I've played me some games.

*For entertainment purposes only.  I didn't touch him so don't call CPS on me, y'all.

As i walk in and take a quick look around during the first few steps, i expect to see a old Asian man with a Long white beard behind the old beat up counter. Like the ones you see in the 80s movies. The Store owner that gives the Hero some crazy spell or potion to destroy the evil that took his girlfriend. But Sadly no such luck. 

Looks like a little mom and pop shops that are still suck in the 80s. 
anyways if you need a game, they do have everything. I wouldn't go in for your stupid Milton Bradley game. That's what Target is for.  But if you want a game where you get to kill Zombies or a game where your looking for some pirate booty and don't have a new fangled XBOX or PlayStation and you want to actually see and truly interact with the person you are playing with then Gamescape is for you.

As for the So little modeling games like Warhammer and things like that, kinda disappointed. but maybe I'm spoiled by Games Workshop. But sadly GW closed down....DAMN YOU METREON!! If your into 40k i have a better table at my place to play on(One good thing that came from GW closing) 
i think that is all.

I had a cheap travelling scrabble and oh how I hate that thing! The letters never stayed right cause the board wouldn't lay flat. Letters just kept popping out like popcorns. So one day I decided to stop by at this place. Wow, did they have board games or what. I'm just impressed of how many different board games that they have. 

The Trivia pop culture DVD is soooo tempting but it's like $50. Games...or....a pair of new shoes. Yeah, tough call.

Settlers of Catan.
Trivial Pursuit.
Zombies!!
Scrabble. (thanks mom)

Great games, good variety (what they didn't have they offered to order), and a little on the $ side, but it's worth it IMHO.  

Friendly staff willing to help with any of my gaming questions and not an ounce of judgement in their eyes (prolly cause their eyes were glued to my friends chest, to be fair she does look exactly like Tank Girl so bonus +1 points for good taste on their part).  

Don't like D&amp;D?  Hate "nerds"?  That's ok they have darts for you, sport-o.

Anyone who likes any of the above mentioned games is welcome to contact me to set up a play date.  I've spent some of the best afternoons in my life playing Settlers in GG park getting faded with friends.

With a wide selection of CCGs and imported games, in addition to the more mainstream selections, Gamescape is a gamer's paradise.  My only complaint about Gamescape is that they don't have rooms for rent because I would like to live there.  For true gamers (unfortunately more video than board these days for me) there is no better browsing experience in the city.  There is something about the place that hearkens back to my youth when I couldn't afford to buy a Monster Manual and had to browse in the store and try to memorize all the stats for a mind flayer.

Luckily these days I'm making more than $5 a week (I have a much larger paper route now) and can finally afford some of the cool games and manuals that Gamescape has to offer.  The staff is very, very, knowledgable and seem to be able to identify practically any board game ever made with the smallest of details.  

The tables in the back for Warhammer sessions and such only add to the ambience of this absolutely must-visit store for both hard-core and more casual gamers.

For serious gamers - make sure to check out the wizards and level 4 thieves who are gaming in the back area - but also a cool selection of unique board games, not just your Monopoly variety. Some great chess sets too.

Great selection of games for all ages.  The guy behind the counter when I was there is really nice and helpful.  He gave me the history behind MTG cards and helped me pick some to build my deck.

Wow, what an amazing selection of games: board games, casino games, collectible games, role-playing games, miniatures games, kids games, game-related magazines, just about everything. (I didn't notice any electronic or video games, though.) I spot-checked for a few of my favorite games and found all of them ... eventually. The store was clean and tidy, just hard to find things.

That's why I'm withholding one star: The store's organization isn't quite good enough to support the completism. It's great for browsing but harder to find something specific. I suppose I could have asked for help, but I prefer to find things myself when I can. I was also disappointed to see the role-playing games shrink-wrapped. I understand that there are good reasons to do that, but I'll always choose a store that lets me read at leisure.

NerdScape! This place has an awesome selection of games. Come here to get your nerd on! Serious gamers only! I came here to check out some new word games, since I wanted to change up the usual Scrabble &amp; Boggle routine. The guy at the desk has lots of suggestions for me and was very pleasant. I ended up buying Smart Mouth which I love. They aren't priced the best, but what do you expect from a one stop game shop? This is a great place for gifts as well.

As far as game stores go I have found that the staff at most can be dull, too overzealous to talk about games you don't want, and often seemingly unavailable if you are asking about a product they deem unworthy. This is not the case with Gamescape. The staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and have great suggestions for your gaming needs.

In an age where neighborhood toy stores have been wiped out by "big box" stores and online retailers, I couldn't even imagine finding a store like this.  On a neighborhood street, an old wood-and-glass door with a Open/Closed flip sign dangling from the top.  Wooden floors and wooden shelves inside with every game you can imagine.  This is the kind of thing you have to rent old movies to catch a glimpse of.  I looked all over town for a dominoes set and finally ended up here.  They had maybe ten different sets ranging from $12 to $200.  I was in toy heaven.  I asked the clerk who told me the place is family-owned and has been there for 25 years, same owner.  It's stores like these that make SF the city it is.

The first time I went to Gamescape, I knew exactly what I wanted so it was a quick in &amp; out visit.

Popped back in here the other week as we were looking for some new games to add to our selection. OMG, who knew the game world had this much going on? There were games for days!  I gotta say, working at a game store like this must take some serious commitment and passion for the game world. The guy that was assisting us had extensive knowledge of his inventory and all game rules. He essentially has to briefly describe games including the strategy and rules without totally overwhelming you all while trying to interest you. I really got the feeling that this guy had literally played 90% of the games in the store. Have you seen the store?? That's huge!! His knowledge, service levels and the all around relaxed environment really contributed to our visit. We bought three games that day and I bought a cute card game for a friends birthday. I'll be back, I just know it.

Really nice selection of computer games in this store. I bought the Might &amp; Magic series and later on, Doom, for my Apple Macintosh computer at the time. You'll be hard pressed to find some of the computer games they carry at computer retail chain stores.

Oh the days where families would sit around the table and play board games. Where they would actually talk and laugh and oh horrors.....interact! Well we are trying to recreate those golden times and GameScape came to the rescue. I love supporting local businesses and it's amazing that one with such a specialized audience has managed to survive. Great selection, prices totally competitive with the Internet, and just that warm fuzzy feeling of keeping these kinds of places alive. Found parking right out front too, can't beat that.

Great store location. Store is neat and clean.  Excellent staff customer service.  Store does not have website and relies solely on yelp to reach customers.  Yelp is not a proper way to reach out and communicate to potential customers and/or the game-playing community.

Sadly, in this computer-savvy age, the words "nerd" and "geek" have been co-opted by people who are anything but.  People who have never given themselves a sore back from being hunched over, painting pewter miniatures for hours at a time.  People whose first thought upon hearing "d12" is "Isn't that Eminem's posse?"

Screw those people.  It's time for true nerds to reclaim their heritage, and Gamescape is as good a starting point as any.  The selection of board, card, and role-playing games is easily the best in San Francisco.  You WILL find something to pique your interest here, whether it's light boardgame fun for the whole family, supplements for your next Call of Cthulhu campaign that's guaranteed to leave psychological scars that will last years, or anything in between.  Highly recommended.

Also worth noting is that you can come up with some great finds for cheap if you dig around in the previously-owned section in the back.  Things that even the most dedicated game-nerd historians didn't know existed, or assumed that time had long forgotten.  They may not be in the best of shape, but it's still worth your time to look.

This place has a great variety of board games here. Probably the most unique board games I've ever seen. They have your common strategy board games like the settlers and el grande. I was even able to find one of my favorite puzzle games called Ingenious here! The employees are fairly knowledgeable about most of the games they carry. So if you needed any help in getting a good game for a party they'd be very helpful in giving you recommendations. In their glass cases they also have this really nice modern chess piece set that I wish I could afford. Their prices are about average. You might be able to find cheaper prices online, but I like having the ability to go to a place and see all the different variety of board games and actually read the box to see if I'd like it before purchasing.

Great place to geek out for all of your super geeky gaming needs.  They have all kinds of crazy games and tons of puzzles, everything from a few hundredpieces to several thousand pieces!

The only thing I can recommend is that if you don't know what you want before you go there, you may want to check out boardgamegeek.com because you can get lost reading the backs of all of the boxes and you may not want to rely on the advice of the guy behind the counter.  (They have led me astray and I know something about this stuff -- it's like calling the airline and asking them where you should go on vacation.)

Greate place to get a game for yourself of a loved one, if they are in the mood for something different.  This is especially a good place to go if you know a nerdy 14-18 year old who needs a gift that they wouldn't get anywhere else...

I've been role-playing since 1982 starting with the first edition Dungeons &amp; Dragons set bequeathed to me by a friends older brother. Since then, I've plowed through limitless RPGs, turn based strategy, board, card, and dice games. And no matter what my need, whether nostalgic, immediate, or otherwise, Gamescape has never let me down!*

I would highly recommend to anyone living even remotely close to San Francisco to make the trek. The affable and infinitely knowledgeable staff are on hand to help you with any question, whether they're behind the counter, or tossing d12s in the back during a weekly hosted game. This was surprising to me considering that most of these guys were younger than me, but were perfectly comfortable fielding questions about games and editions that well predated their existence.

And around the holidays, you can't beat Gamescape for gift ideas... make a day of it, and grab lunch on upper Haight after your run!

*I was let down once when a small-box copy of Illuminati! was unavailable because it was 'out of print', or some such nonsense... ;-)

Soooo, I have to admit that I'm a bit of a nerd.  I love boardgames.  I kick it old school.  I do not have any PS or Gamecubes or even any computer games (except for playing Ticket to Ride online).  I have never gotten into role playing games in my life (except for a brief flirtation w/ Bard's Tale in the summer of '87).  So when I walked in here I was super stoked.

The selection is fantastic...but expensive.  If I recall correctly though most video games are like $30-50 are they not?

I have used this place for several gifts for other people as well as getting a couple Day of Wonder games.  I thought, upon hearing of a game store in my hood, how can a place so specialized, and with such a select target audience, stay in business?

Well, apparently I am not the only nerd around here the place always has customers and many are even girls!  Although, the back area does seem heavy on the sausage quotient as I believe that is where the area is devoted to role playing games.

If its a board game you'll find it here.  They also specialize in a myriad of card games and the staff is friendly.

Anyone know of Ticket to Ride pick-up games?

GameScape is a great little neighborhood game store! They have a large selection of puzzles, board games, and much more. Sure, I could have picked up my travel Scrabble set at Borders, but I'd much rather shop here!

I learned to play cribbage before I learned to speak.  Now I can feed my cribbage fetish again, for $8.

"Great store.  I learned about you on Yelp," I said to the guys.  "It's a local business website that does customer reviews.  There's over 10 reviews on your store, all positive.  That's why I'm here."  The dude behind the counter pulled out a pencil.  "Yelp-dot-com?" he asked.  "Yeah, it's a super-cool site."  "I'll check it out," he said.  "Thanks."  Two of his coworkers were visibly interested.

Thanks for the tip Yelpers!  I searched 'board games', because I needed a cribbage board and a deck of cards.  Gamescape came up and I read the reviews.  I called on Saturday, they were open until 7pm, so I got over around 6pm, found a board for $3.99 and grabbed a Bicycle deck of cards for $3.50.

The winner of my first "What the f&amp;%$ am I doing working retail when I was supposed to be a star!" award.

I was torn whether to give this shop 2, 4 or 5 stars. 2 for combination of decent product and lousy service, 4 for product alone or 5 for my first "What the f&amp;%$ am I doing working retail when I was supposed to be a star!" award.

Often when I go into a boutique, I get an annoyed look from the clerk who is busy texting a friend and wants to make sure I don't interrupt with some lame question. Those are the amateurs. All that movement of the neck. Acknowledging patrons. They can do better.

And, many do. I'm sure you've been into the shops where the sales people work at ignoring you but slip and occasionally look at a patron who has just entered the store. Who knows it could be  friend or someone really hot. Hey, even Jordan had off nights. They are only human. 

The reason the dudes at GameScape win the first award is their amazing ability to always ignore your presence. No sideways look to see if you are still there. No glare that shouts - "Don't interrupt me."

It is like you don't exist. Makes me wonder how they deal with shoplifters. Do they even notice before inventory? I am just not in their league so I can't divine those things.

I have been gaming since 1981.  This place rocks!  There used to be a separated room in the back where a gaming club met.  I was the treasurer for a couple of years and the president for one.  That is how much of a geek I am. The owner, Bob, is very personable and cool.  The staff, once you distract them from animated conversations about the latest trading card game booster expansions, a local concert, or the warhammer battles that now take place in the back of the shop, are always willing to start an animated conversation with you about the latest games.  They are terribly knowledgeable and welcoming.

Game enthusiasts of all types come to this local Mecca.  Chess nuts, Go pundits, Darts masters, Chapter House commanders, Card sharks and a slew old-school gamer geeks with an endless treasure trove of stories and +12 Keen Vorpal Holy Nail-Clippers of slaying abound.

The shelves overflow with RPGs, party games, card games, and tons of fun stuff!

I love this place, and if you like games at all, you will too.  If you don't, I'll be more than happy to whip out my customized Space Marines and show you what for!

Gamescape has a fine selection of board games, RPGs, miniatures, and chess sets.  I have been coming here for more than twenty years and have always found the staff to be friendly and willing to make the extra effort to find the "perfect game" for your enjoyment.  If you want to see how a game looks like, they will open up the box for you.  I am pleasantly surprised that the store has survived all these years with the stiff competition from internet gaming providers.  Gamescape has higher prices than mail-order, but those pesky employees demand to be paid in cash, and the landlord refuses to be paid in games for the rent.

In a sentence, Gamescape feels like a cross between Eudemonia and Games of Berkeley.

First off, their customer service is EXCELLENT.  1) They were nice enough to give the last copy of Gaming Quarterly #10 for 20% off because the magazine itself was pretty worn, which was fine with me, since I wanted it for the Catan expansion, which was still in pristine, shrinkwrapped condition. 2) The copy of Caylus I bought (for $5 below MSRP) had a very tiny defect on the board and an improperly packed manual that caused it to have a bunch of folds on it.  After taking a look at it briefly, he went right over and grabbed a new copy for me, and put the original one on sale (probably for similar to the discount I had for the magazine).

I think size-wise, it's the smallest of the three, with only 2-3 tables available in the back for gaming.  It's selection is much better than Eudemonia's though, since it's not cluttered with a bunch of PCs.  The feeling of the staff is more like Eudemonia's, i.e. casual, without the uniformed employee look that GoB has.

In other words, if you're a gamer, you'll feel right at home.  If you aren't, you might be more comfortable staying closer to the entrance, which is also where the flashier, more mainstream games are located.

Prices are generally MSRP, unless you buy $250 (cumulative, just bring your receipts), then you get a membership card for 10% discount for one year.  GoB had a similar deal in the past except it was $100 to get a card, but they discontinued their membership program, which would make Gamescape one of the cheaper local gaming stores in the Bay Area if you purchase that much stuff.  If you only buy one or two games a year, it's still probably cheaper to buy online (especially if you buy it all together so you take advantage of free shipping deals), but you don't get the instant gratification, and Gamescape is also the only FLGS here in SF now, so if they close, there won't be a game store around for miles.

They have the usual gaming store weekly events, although board games is not one of them.  The tables in the back are free to use if no events are going on, and you can also rent their games if you feel like trying something new.

They're only closed on Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's

tears of sheer joy, love and happiness for this store.  

I can get lost in here for a long while ... don't ever be fooled by my, "hey, can we pop in here for just a sec" cause you have been warned - there is no sec stop in this store for sarah.  pull up a chair and get comfy cause you are going to be here a while if you're with this true nerd who is about to get her game freak ON!

The place can be a little on the pricey side but they have EVERYTHING ... including this amazing chess set that I just like to stare longingly at ... one day, you will be mine oh beautiful marble pieces ... oh yes, you will be mine.

So I had a $15 gift certificate to this place.  I came in and had a specific game in mind (Roll Through the Ages, a lesser known but not obscure game), and asked the first salesperson if they had it, and he said he didn't know, and he asked another salesperson, who also said he didn't know, but he didn't think so, so they asked the salesperson in charge (don't know if he was a manager or just the most experienced of them) if they had it, and he said "We don't carry old games."  When I stated that it was less than five years old, and in fact I believed it was about 2 or 3 years old, he said, "Well, we carried it when it first came out but we haven't carried it since then." I then pointed out that a friend of mine had BOUGHT the game there a few months prior and was told that it must have been the last in stock, as they definitely did not carry that game.  Disappointed, but with a non-transferable gift certificate in hand, I searched for some other game which would not cost me an additional $50+ for about 15 minutes, when what did I discover but the game I had come in to purchase!  Taking it up to the counter, I didn't say anything, simply asked the third salesperson to ring me up - which he did via the computer.  I asked if they had their inventory on the computer.  He confirmed it.  When I asked why he hadn't looked in the computer to see if they had the game, he just looked at me and asked, "Do you want the game or not?"  

Needless to say, I shall be purchasing my games in the future from Just Awesome.  What they lack in stock, they more than make up for in good salesmanship and knowledge of what the heck they have.

I am not a gamer and I don't know very much about card role playing games...but the two times I went to this lil place for something, they have been great.  First I went to find a set of dominoes of which they showed me several styles and the other time was when I walked by and felt completely nostalgic to get a french card car racing game I used to play with my parents when I was a kid.  I walked into the store and explained this game to them and they knew it right away!  They even had two versions to choose from!  Classic or the anniversary edition...but I had to get the classic.

They have a ton of puzzles and a big sale box by the front door if you want an easy gift.  Yay game guys!

I made my first pilgrimage to Gamescape. I was impressed by the selection of games. They don't have games like Chutes and Ladders, but they do have a huge selection of role playing games (RPGs), serious strategy games, and major mind-bending 3d puzzles. It's because they don't devote floor space to the easy to find commercial games that allows them to have such a deep selection in so many areas.

I was particularly impressed by their Go game section. They had at least three shelves of Go books, multiple Go boards from cheap to moderately expensive, Go stones (playing pieces) from ultra cheap to very expensive (and high quality). I would be amazed if any retail store in the US outside of New York City had a larger selection. 

The staff were absolutely non-snooty to me, and I don't particularly look like a gamer. They let me browse all I wanted and then politely rang up my order. 

Four point five stars, rounded up (it would be a straight five if they were closer to downtown or Japantown)

This store is great for finding games that are different and more fun than your run-of-the mill board games.  Though it's difficult to decide between one game you've never heard of and another, you can always ask for help from one of the dudes behind the counter.  

It may feel a bit nerdy at the store, but once you get your new game home and start playing you'll soon understand why a good game can compete with a night of drinking.

lots of memories here.  

i bought my first magic: the gathering deck here...and i would always buy my expansion packs here.  i was only 13 or 14 at the time, and i would remember spending my whole week's allowance here.  

my love for the game has faded, but whenever i pass by GameScape, i can't help but remember being a kid, going there with my friends, and not having a care in the world, except how many cards we could afford =)

I am a huge fan of board games.  HUGE.  Like I have four sets of Monopoly huge.  I am told that they are the last board game store in the city that isn't a toy store.  They are just games people.  GALORE!  They also have rare and harder to find games.  I have been on the hunt for The Amazing Labyrinth, from Ravensburger, a dope German company, for years.  No place has ever had it or heard of it.  I waltzed in there about a year ago and asked just on a whim.  And the guy behind the counter goes, "Which one?  There is a new edition now."  Holy fucking shit, I nearly passed out from excitement.  Then he made a direct beeline for their home on the shelves.  Wow.   Fucking rad.

They had exactly what I needed and the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. I was in and out in 5 minutes. They even had the token pimply faced teen standing at the counter looking for magic cards.

Wow!  It is all about selection!  This place has just about got almost every interesting board/card game available.  If it's not in stock, or remotely orderable, it's not worth considering.  It's fun just to browse the odds-and-ends of gaming they have here.  They bring a lot of the newest game crazes from Europe and make it accessible to folks in the local area.  For that reason alone, they are a rare bird, and definitely worth writing about!  There's much to explore here.  If you've dreamt about finding that one completely excellent game to bring your family and friends closer on your "game nights" you could hardly do better than come here!  Anyone down for a game of Magic, Carcassone, or Catan?

The perfect place to bring your pre-teen/teen niece or nephew. I went here looking for a birthday present and came up with scores of ideas. The sales folks are friendly and knowledgable. They have the usual games as well as Warhammer-type stuff, Settlers of Catan, Blockus, and other award-winning games. There's great a list of top10 sort by Family games, New games, and All time favorites.

Visiting here fairly frequently, I feel I have to down grade them from 5 to 4 stars due to the lack of change in the strategy game section.   It really seems that there are the same games here each time I visit.  It is still a decent selection, but I feel I could visit less frequently and still know what that section has.  I really can't fault them for this, that section probably generates a lot less interest and sales so there is less need/cause to get newer games to replace the ones that have been there for a while.  Still, perhaps certain of the games that they have had 3 copies of since last year might merit a slight price reduction to see if they can move them.  As before, I really can't comment on the rest of the store given my lack of interest in Euro games, puzzles, and the other items that make up the bulk of their stock.   If it were anywhere else without a couple of other game stores, it would probably get 5 stars.

A nerds paradise to be had for sure.  I went in looking for a puzzle of some sort to do when i am bored, and my god I didn't know so many games existed.  Not just any old game but every decent action movie out there had it's own game.  They more star wars and lord of the rings games than one can count.  they even had a sin city game.  I found a nice puzzle to do, and now know if i ever want to nerd out properly the place to go.

I used to live nearby and stop by and check out their games all the time. I live a little further away but still finding myself going to Gamescape as often as I can. They have a large store with a great selection of games. One of the best game stores in the bay area!

when i feel lonely and like nobody understands me, i go into gamescape and it makes everything better.  

but seriously, it's a great store for all your non-video gaming needs.  Nice selection of many games, good chess boards, and the hardcore dudes huddled around the back lend a sense of a loving nerdy community to the whole deal.   I bought my newest version of axis and allies there, just on the off chance that someone in sf actually wants to play.

Wow.  What haven't they got?  Video games I think.  But they'll have three different versions of any puzzle, board or RP game you can dream of.  Need a domino or backgammon set?  Come browse.  All sorts of card games you've never heard of are here for you to explore.  The staff are all very knowledgeable and available to help you find and examine just about everything.  Top all that off with pretty reasonable pricing and you've got a winner!

Super super selection but horrid organization. Not that I mind spending a good chunk of time browsing all sorts of board and card games I didn't know existed. The staff was friendly and complimented me on my game pick (Gloom, one of the better card games I've played recently). He also suggested the expansions and told me all about them. I'll totally  be coming back.

They have got a lotta games. I went to find some obscure card game I heard about, and some basic chess stuff. Very decent selection. all the basics and more. they too have lots of role playing stuff in the back end of the store. and it's right next to a comic book store. I got a ticket u-turning while trying to find parking though (I did drive over the meridian).

I am lucky to live around this place.  They've got Apple to Apples, and soon I will too.  Not the cheapest place, but when you've got a monopoly on selling Monopoly, you've got a good business.

This store has every board game and card game I've ever thought to look for, an impressive selection of dice, and friendly staff. They also have Magic the Gathering on Tuesday afternoons in the back of the store. If their prices were better I'd give them 5 stars. The prices are not horrible, mind you, just not a bargain by any stretch.

I like this place alright.  I have been able to find really obscure games here.  It is a great place to browse.  There is definitely a group of gamers almost always in the back.  If you are into role playing games, you'll fit right in.  If not, there is plenty to look at.  Try out Set or Five Crowns to start.

So, you know, I know about D &amp; D. I've watched enough movies to know what it is and I even went out with a D &amp; Der for a while when I first moved here (and he was HOT, so I don't want any shit from my yelp bitches. you know who you are).  but I never asked questions, because you know, i didn't really care. So, I went into Gamescape one day, innocently enough to look into buying Apples to Apples (the only game I enjoy playing) and maybe some darts for my dartboard and I started to look around at all of the D &amp; D stuff and it was bar none  the most terrifying experience I've ever had in a retail environment. It is another world for these people.  There are these tiny figures that they paint, meticulously, for hours! There are hundreds of books and hundreds of score sheets and books on how to develop your character and on on and on. You think you know D &amp; D, but you don't. It is so scary. It totally gave me the heebie jeebies and I've never been able to return.

I stopped by here to say hi to a friend I used to work with when I was at Campton Place.  I'm not much of a gamer, not because I think its for nerds or anything, I just don't have the kind of work schedule that allows me to regularly schedule playtime with friends so that I can become a nerd.  That being said this store is awesome.  I wandered around for a quite some time.  So much to look out.  And a great selection of games.  They even have boules, a game that I've been dying to learn.  And the staff!  I would have given this place a 4-star, as I reserve my 5-stars for places I would have to travel to were I not to live in the city, but the staff pushed this place to a 5.  I watched one of the friendly counter workers have a good 10 minute conversation with a kid who couldn't be older than 9.  He was never condescending, never rushed.  The clerk (wish I had gotten his name) walked the kid around answering all his questions!  And when I asked the guy if he had seen my friend lately, he was happy to catch me up on his whereabouts.  This guy even wrote down a little note to remind himself to say "Hi" to my friend next time he was in!  When was the last time you have seen anyone behave to personably?  I can't wait to have kids someday so that I can share Game scape with them!  Thanks Skylar for telling me about this place.

