Very knowledgeable staff. Great selection of RC cars, planes and more. Felt like a little kid again. Great smile and excited about everything. I hope I spell his name right, but Dominic knows his shit about anything you want to know when it comes to RC cars. Thanks for your help and great advice. I drove all the way from San Francisco and it was worth it!

Don't bother to talk to the guy with beard and a cap especially if you are not an expert!! Rude and boring and definitely not willing to help.

Boring! Nothing inside looks interesting the guy i talked to with a beard and a cap looks like he doesn't  want to help or be there.

I'm always a supporter of local hobby shops.  Stopped in for an another Axial crawler kit as a holiday gift for my boys.  Was in and out in less than 2 minutes. Dominic helped me and he even packaged the kit in a plain brown box so my kids wouldn't notice.  They were so distracted by the great selection, they didn't notice that I picked up the SCX10 II kit for them.  Thanks Dominic!

Not one word to ask if I needed any help and I was there for quite some time. Not busy either. Won't be back. Terrible customer service. Not sure if it was because I was a woman or because I was white. He helped other men that came in.

The employees at this place probably won't care about my opinion of them, because they don't care about their customers, period.  But maybe you do, so here goes!

I am an RC enthusiast (aka addict) with multiple quads,collective pitch helis, planes, trucks and drift cars, and the list goes on. Basically the customer base that should be fueling sales at local shops like this. In fact, I've spent over $700 here (a Traxxas truck and a CP heli). Point being that I'm a paying customer and could have been a continuing paying customer.  

Each time I come here its almost empty (sad), but the workers here can never find the time to help you. What else is there to do but to help the ONLY customer in the shop?  But, they are almost invariably disinterested, and border on being rude.  But despite that, I've bought here because I think supporting local businesses is important. We all know you can buy on-line from Amazon or straight from the manufacturer these days with great deals and free shipping. 

But the last visit has sealed the deal, I won't be coming back.  Once again, I wanted to support them, and ordered some parts through them even though they were available on-line for slightly cheaper. But the interaction was so rude!  We are not teenagers at the school yard having a spat - you are a business and I am a customer you are trying to get business from. Hopefully a continuing business. But I don't think the guys that work here see it that way.  

I tried, but I'm going to have to resort to online vendors. Why keep on paying, at times, higher prices at a local store PLUS get dumped on by rude dudes? To be competitive these days, a "live" store needs to offer great customer service, specific expertise, and a positive attitude, which regretfully this store has none of. 

As an alternative, I highly recommend Talbots on the Peninsula...they recognize they are running a business and need loyal customers to be successful.

Everything you remember and love in a classic hobby shop filled with everything modern you want.  Hobby Town is on the top of my short list for quality local hobby shop!

Its small but the layout is great and clean.

They are VERY helpful and will figure out a solution to your needs.

Looking for a piece, generic model not even a real rc car, staff here was excellent, they could not find the part but they did give suggestions on where I could find the piece, looked around they do have several planes, cars, few gundam models, several RC cars, several shells in several sizes, planes, and boats.

They do also have build your own rocket kits, haven't seen those years, allot of things to choose from will be back for a remote for a 1:10 RC car and possibly another shell and drift tires

Service **** very helpful and informative staff
Price $-$$$ depend on what you are looking for
Ambiance **** neat and tidy

The staff is friendly and they have a bit of everything. Very nice selection of Metal Earth models.

Small but really cool hobby shop.

Staff is friendly and helpful. Prices seem really competitive.

A lot of people were there. They have a little bit of something for everyone. Things are organized neatly. I was wowed by the use of floor space. Every inch seemed to be strategically utilized for both the shopper and the seller.

This place is definitely worth a look if you're in the area. Something for kids of all ages too.

Tons of models, paints, etc. for the enthusiast. I was so excited to see people browsing and buying hobby items. As a "manual" type of person I appreciate these hands-on activities! And no, I don't hate computers...I just have a fondness for hobbies and crafts.

It's not D &amp; J Hobby, which is a larger store (and more expensive!), but it's a good start!

I am writing this review solely on my observations and experience.
This is a shop about the size of a 7-11 and they utilize every square inch of space. There are all sorts of things to look at. 
I overheard a couple that wanted to buy an rc airplane; the salesman was quick to direct them to a simulator. The patron crashed several times and the salesman pointed out how much the crashes would have costed in time and material. Good job!
The couple walked out with the simulator software and happy. This is honest sales.
I inquired about a balsa plane kit and was told I could order, but this I already knew (who's not internet savy nowadays?) and was just happy to browse the location.
Give them a try and be sure to bring the kids and a loaded credit card, you won't be disappointed!

The first time I went there was during the week day. I walked in and I was surprised buy how many people were working there. One guy on the front and 4 guys in the back. I was thinking...wow they must be selling a lot stuff. 

I was interested in finding more about 1/18 scale rc cars. The Asian guy that was helping me didn't leave me a good impression. Yes, he answered my questions. But I didn't feel his enthusiasm or that he wanted to talk to me. I asked for another's workers help later and he was much better and informative. 

I went back on a Saturday to make a purchase. This time there were even more workers! The 2 workers that helped me were very nice and gave me a lot of suggestions and tips. I was very happy with their service. Then I went to the check out counter... The cashier didn't want to be there, and he probably didn't want me to be there neither... It really killed the shopping experience.

If you're looking for a hobby store DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS ONE!!!!!!!!!!  

If I could give it no stars, trust me, I would.  The place is very small with limited stock,  they DON'T GIVE REFUNDS - only store credit (IF YOU'RE LUCKY), and won't honor items (once opened) if broken.  You have to go through the manufacturer themselves.  What's the use.  The only thing they have going for them is a couple of their sales guys.  I can't recall names, but that's a moot point!  You'd be better off going to their competitors...Horizon or D&amp;J.  Now I understand why Hobbytown stores are disappearing and frankly this one would not be missed!!!!!!!!!!!!

I went to HobbyTown USA today and it was an excellent experience! I recently purchased elsewhere a Losi Mini 8ight-T electric RC car and I wanted a speed charger for the NiMH battery. I read some reviews online of different battery chargers, but I was unfamiliar with what exactly to buy. I stopped by the store and Rich was extremely helpful. He recommended the Hitec X1 charger and also the adapter for the EC3 plug on my NiMH rechargeable battery. The Hitec X1 has great reviews on Amazon, so I was confident in Rich's suggestion. As a bonus, HobbyTown's price was a few dollars less expensive than Amazon which I'm always happy to give business to a local shop. As a bonus, I was able to ask Rich questions about some of the parts for my RC car and he explained they can special order parts if needed. Thanks again Rich!

I went here to get my husband a birthday gift.  He opened the gift  up and discovered that the charger and spare parts were missing.  It really sucks to give a gift and not have all of the parts there.
I took it back for an exchange the next day and was told that my behavior was 'fishy', because there were multiple part missing. I was sold the last one one so there was not a possibility of exchange.

This store is awesome for driftin and short course truckin they have it all. The customer service is great and beig a drifter they always have everything I need. They don't really sell parts and stuff if you broke something but they are always offering to order it for you threw the shop. I also forgot to state that if you are a plane flyer they got those to but very minimal but essential. Overall this store is very good and location is also very easy to find.

This place is really cool the people their is really nice the help with my RC car. When I mean help me, they found out why my car was not running and al told me when u did wrong with the car I was building. They never push anything on me they just tell me what I need.

One of the only convenient hobby shops for me (based in Los Altos Hills) and they have a very good selection of acrylic paints and spray paints. They have a decent inventory of plastic model kits (mostly at the beginner to intermediate level) and have a large inventory of RC parts. Like other reviews have mentioned, most of their knowledge lies with RC cars and not plastic model kits, but they had a passable knowledge of tools and paints for the beginner. This is a great location with a GREAT paint selection. They are my go-to guys for any of my painting needs.

Worst shop ever! To start off... they are the rudest people ever, back to that later. They never have parts in stock, show up when they say they are open and no one is there for 1-2 hours later. Owner says he will help you come on in, you show up and he has left the shop. Ask him questions when he is in the shop and all he wants to do is talk about his RC cars. Now back to how rude they are. Once instance, I called, the phone rang for over a minute, finally a employee answers the phone, mumbled something and hung up on me. I call back, after 2 minutes he answers, says can I put you on hold, all I wanted to ask was are you finally open today and so you have Traxxas Fuel in stock, he says I have a lot off people here right now and dont have time to help you. I said again just a quick question, do you have Traxxas Fuel in stock. Employees says yes we do. I go to the shop... guess what.. no Traxxas Fuel in stock. I said to the employee were is it, he says to me you were being really rude and pushy on the phone. Me the customer being pushy?  LOL this place will be out of business in no time with jerks like that behind the counter! I will never give them my business again and hope you don't as well. Go to Sheldon's Hobbies. At least they have parts in stock and employees that won't talk back to you and treat you like dirt!

The employee at this store was very helpful but they were sold out of a lot of parts that I needed for launching a model rocket. Call ahead first to make sure they have what you need in stock.

Good selection of model kits-- my 9 year old loves the Snap Tite planes. They also have parts for model railroads, RC cars and planes and a good amount of puzzles and games.

The staff is pretty friendly, and willing to answer any questions you might have.

A very well organized and well stocked hobby shop.  I particularly enjoy that hobby tools are not behind the counter, meaning that they are accessible to the customer to peruse and touch. 

I've found several of the staff very friendly and knowledgeable. A solid Hobby Store in the greater Bay Area.

So the store is well organized, its clean, the employees are friendly and very knowledgeable, I don't really have anything against the employees although I should warn anyone if you make a mistake in a purchase you will not get your money back no matter what. Its clearly stated on a sign in front of the register.

I purchased a Plane from them and when I got home I realized that the plane was about twice as big as they described it. Partially my fault for thinking the plane was small but all in all i didn't even touch it, I immediately took it back to return it. The same guy that sold me the plane was still there shortly later and 3 things happened.

A. He refused a refund and said in exact words "the store is kind of anal about the policy" Yes he said that. 

B. When I kindly asked to speak to the person in charge he said no, then defensively continued to claim he was the one in charge. 

C. After I started to get somewhat irritated he rung up another customer mid-conversation, (which is fine but rude). As soon as he was done with his other customer he gave me back the plane and said "sorry, I did all i can do for you"

This employee was the only one in the store by the time I came back, he refused to give me the name or any info regarding how I can contact someone in charge, he was calm and maintained his temper so that's a star.

Mind you - this all happened on the same day, within the same hour. He refused a refund within an hour! I understand now that they are actually "anal"

I called the concord Hobbytown and they said if  I had done everything at their store they wouldn't have had any issue helping me. I said to them "I guess i just went to the wrong Hobbytown"

Im sure everyone gets mixed results with customer service here and I may have just gone in on a bad day for the employee. But where I come from, If you care about your job, you dont let bad days lead to Yelp reviews like this one. And where I come from, customer is always first. 

HOBBYTOWN IS AMAZING! BUT Just don't make the same mistake I did, make sure you go to ANY other hobbytown. This particular location puts customer service at the bottom of their priority list.

Must resist....but....I cant...Gah!

Revisiting this review after my return to HobbyTownUSA. Decided to run in here to grab some acyrlic paint while on my way to school. It was a simple grab and go, but I noticed a few problems that have been chronic. Most notably with their customer service.

The guy at the cash register greeted me as I walked in(which is good considering most dont), but he also mumbled to me a question i couldnt comprehend.....I knew the guy was new since i didnt recognize him from before. It just made me wonder if Hobbytown is actually training its employees.

Aside from customer service, their gundam selection has definitely gone down. Since no one is buying, they're just sitting there.I would recommend to go somewhere else since there selection is really limited to a few at a reasonable price while the rest are overpriced beyond reason. 

So 3 stars only since I like they're model paint selection, and their rewards program gives me an incentive to go instead to D&amp;J Hobby.

I really wanted to give these guys a better rating, but I can't in good conscience. I went in to buy an RC helicopter, tired of the mediocre ones that the big box stores sell. I was prepared to spend a bit more for better quality and service. The guys behind counter helped me settle on an Ares model for $90. A lot more expensive than your average heli, to be sure, but fine as long as it works great. This thing turned out to be so stinking fragile, I think a helicopter made out of raw spaghetti would have lasted longer. It snapped in 6 different places before I could deplete half a charge. 

Okay, I've dealt with bad products before. (I'm sad to say Ares is made in USA) No big deal, I'll take it back to the store to get another model. I explained to them my terrible plight of getting no more than 2 minutes of enjoyment out of my $90 toy. They said, no returns or exchanges. Sorry, end of story. But you can purchase replacement parts for $6. It's $6 for a tiny piece of plastic I shouldn't need to be buying in the first place, can't you guys do something about this? They talk to the manager, and give me a 12 cent discount. I'm not kidding. 12 cents. 

So I take it home, spend 30 minutes repairing this surprisingly difficult toy to repair, just to have all the parts break in 2 minutes. Again. So I repeat the cycle, go back to the store, explain my predicament AGAIN, get the "oh sorry man that's weird but we can't do anything except sell you more parts", buy more parts but didn't ask for the "discount" this time, and watch it break AGAIN. I think I'm stupid for being fooled twice....

In the end, I've come away with a very bad taste in my mouth from this store. The most difficult part of giving them 1 star is that the young guys behind the counter are genuinely nice guys and want to help. On my third re-visit with my broken copter, one of them actually spent 20 minutes repairing my copter for me. I think the main problem here is management policies. It's a bad sign for any business when the customer comes second to taking your money.

Beware, they have NO RETURNS OR REFUNDS, no matter what.

I wanted to try out flying an RC plane, and this guy recommended me a 70$ plane and said it was great for beginners. I took it to the nearest trail and started to fly it and it was shitty enough that it could not fly at all when it was mildly windy. After only flying (well, trying to) once, i packed it all back and went back and asked for an exchange. This is when that guy showed his true colors. He was super blunt and advised us to sell it to one of our friends. We asked for store credit, store credit with some penalty etc, and he wouldn't care.

Would not recommend this place to any one.

Awesome local hobby shop. Checked it out after D&amp;j hobby moved and went downhill for rc cars. 

My youngest got into rc cars and wanted something better than the cheap ones at random dept stores. Bought a HobbyTown brand. It broke rather quickly (several times!) but they fixed it every time for just the cost of the parts:) My son did drive it pretty rough.

ALL the employees are extremely helpful and knowledgable. Other reviews just aren't excepting of each having a different personality but, again, all are great!!

For the reviews complaining about the return policy, it's posted in bold, black letters right next to the register! They don't know what you did to it while it was gone. Imagine wanting to buy a bathing suit, bringing it home, then returning it!

This IS the best local shop around!

I just walked into this place to check it out for the first time. They have a lot of cool stuff in here from classic toys to model planes. 

I wandered around for about 15-20 minutes. There were about 3 or 4 employees in the shop. Two or three times, they even passed by me in the small aisles. 

Not once, did anyone greet me, ask if i needed help finding something, or acknowledge my presence. They were too busy talking amongst themselves.  I was the only customer in the store.

The women in there acted as if they didn't need any business.  

I won't bother returning here again.

I've been in here once before, looks to be a family run business? First time no problems, the younger staff was polite. 

On a return, same complaint as Steiner below. 

3 behind the counter, no greeting, no help. It went so far as to when I found what I wanted on my own, walked to the counter. Two were busy, fine, it happens. I smile at the free older woman, as I have my gift in hand, ready to purchase. I was given the stink eye by her. I say to the free older woman, "Hello!" with another smile. She stink eyes me again, and responds, "Hi" Ugh, really trying to get some service here. I smile again, say, "How's it going?" with package in hand on top of the counter, standing near the register. 

This goes on for a bit, until another busy employee steps in, as it's getting ridiculous. She must have realized the awkward exchange and attempts to reconcile. She's very polite, makes small talk, as it was to the point I was about to just walk out. Overboard, but I really appreciate the effort now, considering such a negative 2 seconds before. 

I really want to support local run independent businesses, but you guys really make it hard. I was even willing to pay more for the same product here to promote this concept. Yes, I did price comparisons and you were more expensive.

Management, please have a talk with your workers. Greet people as they come in, ask if they need any help, especially if they are wandering around for 10 min, and then double be sure to assist if they are trying to purchase. Most of all, don't stink eye a customer when the are ready to purchase!

Good selection of new RC cars, I don't do the plane or model stuff so can't comment on that.  But the RC guys are knowledgeable and helpful and give good suggestions/tips.  Prices are quite reasonable/fair.

They have a very small board game selection as well.

Shelves packed w/ classic toys, models, and hobby supplies.  Fun just to browse.
And try out the RC plane animation software that will save the newcomer from a lot of busted airplanes.
Staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
Join the hobby town email list and get a $5 coupon.

Grear helpful staff very friendly could have bought my rc truck online and saved but the staff earned my bussiness

Bought a Rustler the VXL RTR for $20 under the going rate. Also got $25 off an extra battery and charger. This place is a great find check them out. In the meantime my kids and I are going to enjoy the time off.

Great local hobby shop! I came in looking for a spare servo for my RC car, the staff knew exactly which one would fit my car. Prices were surprisingly good as well ($43 online at Amazon for the servo vs $46 in store!) Would surely come by again when I brake another part of my car!

I don't have a lot of experience in different hobby stores, but my experience here was great. The prices seemed reasonable and had the paint I was looking for. Best of all, the people working here were super nice. I was expecting a comic book guy experience, but it was quite the opposite. 

Would recommend if you're a bit new and have questions.

I would really recommend going here because the employees are very HELPFUL!!!  and NICE!!! and the store is GREAT!!! I went in there with my Mom and bought the hobby town brand rc truck and it was great. Every time I would break something we would bring it back and they would help us with getting the parts and fixing it. I have also bought other stuff from here and it's awesome! I wound really recommend going here fore any rc need!

I've wanted an RC plane for years and finally bought one here. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. They helped me pick out an RC plane and even guided me flying the demo before i purchased my rc plane. They have a wide variety of rc cars, boats and planes. They also have many games and models. I like the selection and locations of this store. Best thing I've seen so far is the staff though, always willing to help you out and answer any questions you may have.

The person at the counter ignored me but greeted my boyfriend, who walked in right after me. They ignored another girl who came in after, too. These hobbies are not just for boys. I'm going to buy things online if they are going to treat us this way.

A well stocked, well organized hobby store.  A great element is that hobby tools are in the isles, easily accessible. I'm glad that such a decent model store exists in the general area.

Everyone is very Polite, friendly and helpful .Store is kid friendly. Great prices. Good variety of stuff for all types of hobbies. One of the best hobby shops I've been to. Not pushy to sell  you anything to make a buck like most shops. I highly recommend this shop. Great to have in town.

I LOVE this store! I've been in a few times now and every time the staff go out of their way to make sure that we get what we need -- even special ordering toys for my youngest and putting a telescope on hold for my older son! The place is well-stocked, clean, and you can "feel" that the people working here enjoy what they do -- from the owner to the part time students -- everybody is friendly, enthusiastic and helpful. And the store dog is great touch! Kudos HobbyTown!

Went in the other day to purchase a sailplane. First impression was great. The store is clean and packed with all sorts of goodies. It reminded me of Kit and Caboodle in Berkeley.  I am assuming the service issues some people have had have been properly addressed as my experience was exceptional. After looking around for a few minutes I was offered help by one of the staff. They went over the options they had available in store and the sailplanes that they could order. They then proceeded to help me choose a kit and opened some up so I could get a better feeling of what was involved. I will be coming back and would highly recommend this hobby shop.

This store definitely fulfills a long overlooked need in the mid peninsula and south bay !  I was particularly impressed with the products covering every age group, from legos to awesome radio controlled airplanes and cars!  They were even willing to look up the "mini-tanks" (made in France) on their computer that I used to collect as a kid and offered to order them for me if I wanted to start collecting again!
    There are also plenty of model cars and airplanes, games, puzzles, and Christmas gifts (Im looking at the Thomas train set myself).  Definitely for kids of all ages and the atmosphere is personable and friendly... definitely is not a big box store which is refreshing.

I was delighted to find a hobby shop pop up next to Michael's in Sunnyvale.
Last week I needed an RC helicopter part ... They had it in stock at the standard web-price and I didn't need to drive 20 miles.

I've now been there a few times to look around and picked up a few small things.
Staff was generally helpful and from watching the goings-on it appears that they are working to improve their staff's  customer interface so  perhaps they've read some of the prior comments on service.

I am glad I discovered them and will shop there again.

I was happy to see a new hobby shop open up in Sunnyvale. Since the closure of San Antonio Hobby there has been nothing to serve this market in the area. I went in today and bought a ready to fly radio control airplane for by son. The owner and staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful.  The price for the airplane was the same as what I found online, on top of that I was also able to use a $10 off $50 coupon which made the purchase an even better value!

Ok, I'm surprised by the one star given by Steiner C.

Folks, I've already been to this shop twice since its recent grand opening and it carries an impressive stock of toys and the staff are knowledgeable about the toys and super friendly.  My boyfriend was with me and he got really excited by all the RCs and accessories he could get to build his dream RC.  The guy at the shop was really an expert on all things RCs and able to advise on what we should buy without us feeling pressured to do so.  For me, I picked up a bunch of toys for the nieces and nephews -- good choice of toys and games for different ages.  I was given a nice discount too.

Last couple of times I was there, mix of people -- adults, teens and parents with toddlers/young kids.  I'm glad there's a local shop where people could come in and feel comfortable browsing and testing out the cool toys.  It's a shame that we don't have too many of these stores around these days.  I'll be back for the Christmas presents.

great place for rc cars.  only place i know of that let you demo them.  staff is very friendly and most are into rc cars themselves so are very knowledgable.  highly recommend!

i love this store very classic selection, will alway check for you if they dont have will try special order, items for all ages, and $ range.....grandson luvs the poppers. so real old stuff almost vintage toys, quality not junk. As for comments about staff......crazy they are always friendly, helpful, take extra time to help you get what you want and not just make a sell! They never push a sell or follow you around which i love, hey you others have a question or need something ask! Staff know the stock and if not will always research or ask manager, perhaps others were in when store was busy, they do help all customer but you cant always please everyone. Owner is a great lady, and the dog so cute he to luv the toys! I have been there over 10 times always greeted and always thank for stopping in! even if i only purchase .99 popper for my grandson.

We love this shop! My son is an avid car and helicopter driver and pilot and we have been in many times over the last few months. Every time we are greeted and get all of the help we need. The staff is knowledgeable and very willing to help with any questions. They have helped my son replace broken parts and they have spent time teaching him about the cars and helicopters. There are lots of great toys and hobby stuff to buy.

I found this place to be great -- the staff is helpful, friendly and always ready to demo a helicopter or car for a customer.   In my experience, they also try and to go out their way to make a customer happy -- I purchased a Parrot Drone (it was a special order) and due to my travel schedule, the owner gladly shipped it to me so I'd have it as soon as I returned.   Oh and they have a store dog, what else could you ask for?

First visit here but probably the best hobby shop I've been to in the Bay Area. There was a Very nice selection of well made products that reminded me of the hobby shop I went to as a kid before all the toys became mass produced junk. The staff was knowledgable and friendly without being pushy which is a big plus for me. I rarely wrote reviews for big "chain" stores like Walmart because everyone knows what they're getting into when they go to a Walmart. This place had a nice, friendly family owned atmosphere that made me feel welcome! I will definitely be going back.

