My husband and I needed a person to shoot our wedding in Santa Barbara, CA. Gary, his wife, and team were absolutely fantastic! I couldn't have asked for more from a photographer. They were super kind, willing to work with the location, and navigate any last minute planning updates. Gary made sure he was up there early to scout the location and was super flexible with the entire day's events. The shots are absolutely gorgeous and it's so amazing we have a lifetime of memories captured so beautifully.

We had Gary shoot our wedding and he was able to handle all of our craziness with ease and professionalism. Gary also has amazing skills at capturing the moments that count and making us all look wonderful. I highly recommend you choose Gary for any of your photography needs.

Gary did an amazing job on my senior portraits! They came out absolutely beautiful. Couldn't be happier!

I was out in Los Angeles last weekend for the IMC Music Awards and that's where I met Gary since he was the official photographer for the entire event from VIP Party at the W in Hollywood to Red Carpet/Ceremony/After Party at the Whisky A Go Go. In all the shots I have look at in the gallery, there is not one single bad one. If I lived out there, I'd definitely have him do some shoots for me because his work is great and makes it relaxing and fun!

Imageworks Photography is absolutely awesome!  I have utilized Gary's talents at several weddings that I have planned, for my daughter's high school volleyball games, headshots and more recently for taking photos of the various characters and mascots that we use for our costume store.  He is very professional, prompt and is very creative with ideas on getting the perfect shot.  I highly recommend Gary and Imageworks for all of your photography needs.

Gary did an amazing job photographing our wedding in November... we were referred by a friend and immediately felt comfortable with him and his style.  He shot gorgeous engagement photos of us and the wedding photos exceeded our high expectations.  He was patient and helpful through the process, very willing to work with us and our budget.  The day of the wedding, he was "on it" for the entire time - at one point, Gary was literally lying on the ground to get the perfect shot (and it was perfect indeed!).  Several guests even commented how hard he was working with his assistants and how they were doing everything they could to document our special day.

Wow!  What can we say about Imageworks Photography.  What an amazing experience!  So professional and great to work with. Not only did they do the photography, but also helped out with the pinning of the flowers and some set up.  They worked so well with all of our vendors.   They were there before us  waiting to greet as as soon as we walked in.  It was like we were Royalty!
They also did our engagement photos. They turned out so beautiful. We used them for our "Save the Date" and received so many compliments on the pictures. We were in a time crunch and Gary pulled through. He got us our photos when we needed them. 
Gary, you and your wife are awesome!  Thank you so much for everything you did. Our pictures are beautiful. We could not have hired anyone better. You are so accommodating and so much FUN!!!  You totally exceeded our expectations. we have made lifelong friends!
Al &amp; Carrie T.

Gary's skill is obvious. He is an expert at dealing with people in stressful circumstances. We hired him to do portraits of our Executive Board; group photos and headshots of individuals. He was a true leader when it came to handling our VIPs. He showed great respect and patience and produced some beautful images that we displayed with pride in our front lobby. We would highly recommend him without a doubt because he delivered an excellent product and was very easy to work with.

