Awesome comedy show hosted twice a month here! I loooove standup and was determined to find a new spot after moving from SF (shout out to Milk Bar). So lucky I live across the street

$5 entry with pizza and BYOB. Can't lose. 

Looks like a fun place to rent a board game or play a game of Magic too ;)

I must be clear - I'm only reviewing my experience with the comedy night. I haven't been in here for the games, but would love to. Wish I lived in the area!

Came by after seeing they had a $5 comedy night (with pizza - get there early!) and thought we'd stop by after a day in San Francisco before heading back to Davis. What a great find! There were 5-7 different comedians, all with their own style. BYOB, which makes it even better - great locals vibe, definitely would recommend!

Love this place. Besides being stocked with all kinds of award winning board games, you can rent games, and also play the gamed there. This is my go to place for birthday presents because the have everything you need to wrap it up. A young girl makes custom  a gift tags and leaves them in  a a bucket nearby. Don'tet to donate if you use one. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.

The woman who helped me pick a game was so helpful. When my niece told me "I love playing this game with you" I heard my heart crack. Great place with a good selection and helpful people.

I've stopped in here a few times to buy Magic cards with the teens...but they aren't really huge players...just every once in awhile friends get them back into it. So we had already learned about their Friday night game nights and the welcoming environment that would await. This week we were waiting for the barber chair in Diagon Alley (you know that's what it is, right) and wandered in again. We were looking for one thing but then remember that we actually needed a game that mom, dad, teen boy and teen girl would all enjoy. Not an easy task. 

The owner walked us through a few options after asking some questions about our interests. She is unbelievably knowledgeable about how each and every game works, move by move. In the end she directed us to one that both the boy and I agreed we would probably like, and we think the hubby and the girl will as well. Haven't had time to crack it open yet but we will soon. It definitely cost more than what you would pay online, but in my opinion it's worth it to support a shop that is not only expert at their wares, but also a great community space. 

And we still want to come play free board games on Friday nights and/or rent some of their games for $2/day to check them out. What an awesome option!

I've only been here for the Thursday night Magic drafts, but it's always been great. As someone who hadn't played in more than a decade, it's very easy to be intimidated by the potential for Simpsons-esque "Comic Store Guys," but everyone here has been awesome. That includes both the employees and the other people in the shop.

Definitely a great place to get your nerd on.

The owners have created a store with a sense of community - the game nights are pretty relaxed and I always meet intersting folks when visiting.

I've been here a couple of times for the game night and am sure I will go back on a Friday night in the future.

The hours posted on yelp are not accurate. Took me 30 minutes to get there and you were closed.

Very limited selection, unknowledgeable and unclean staff, dirty store. I didn't appreciate the way the staff member talked down to me. She literally spoke to me like I was a mentally disabled child when I asked if they carried a particular game--which no one on staff had heard of, by the way. My first time there, and I was so disappointed. They need to give that store  (and it's employees) a deep clean. Use soap!

Last night my husband and I took our children out to walk around the Temescsl a bit. We live in the neighborhood and enjoy supporting our local businesses. My 11 year old wanted to stop in the game store since it was the Friday night open play time. After a bit of browsing my husband was looking at the pictures in a gaming book with our 2.5 year old, making up a little story for him. Our son wanted to look at another before we left, but as my husband picked up a 2nd one the person behind the counter (white male) shouted very rudely to him, "Sir, this ISN'T a library".... So first, in case you were wondering, my husband was being very careful with the book so our soon wouldn't damage it. Second, if you have something to say come say it TO ME and not shout it to the room. Third, we are not idiots. We know it's not a library. And maybe you have gamers who like to come in, grab books and read for extended periods without buying books, but this was clearly not us. This was a dad showing his little kid some cool stuff, and you just EPICALLY FAILED IN CUSTOMER SERVICE. You lost future customers, including our kids, and other presents we might buy, by being a jerk about nothing.

We have been in this store several times and for a store that should be kid friendly it is far from it. I'd rather drive to go to Endgame or Eudo where they hire staff that inspire the kids not reprimand them.

Love this place - great owners withs suggestions of games for all ages. You can rent a game and take it home for a few days to see if you like it. Or play it there.  Support your local game store!!

I came to It's Your Move Games &amp; Hobbies to kill some time before dinner.  I was expecting a room with shelves crammed from top to bottom with games for sale, but I was wrong.

Just inside the entrance is a large play area with tables.  I saw a huge selection of board games available on the shelves.  It looked like you could rent any game you saw there for a modest fee, but we didn't have time for that.

Along the side wall was a good sized selection of games for sale.  I have two friends who are serious gamers, and I was thinking of getting a game for them.  But I was afraid I might buy something they already had.  I also didn't know how the prices compared with other game stores.  But as expected, some of the items I could buy cheaper online.

I gravitated to the discount rack in the back as usual.  I found a few things I really wanted, and all of them were on sale!

Love this spot! Super fun. They have great kids programming (there are always kids in there around after school time having a blast). There is a Friday night game night that was BYOB last time I checked. Great date night/first date material here! Awesome selection. I played my first magic game ever (and won) here. Thanks for letting me live up the childhood dream of beating all the bro's at MTG once and for all.

I had a blast playing at the open gaming night on Friday night. They've got a big library of games to play, and many people bring their own as well. Best of all, the crowd was great -- friendly, diverse, and fun. It's much more casual and much more fun than the game nights at the more competitive / serious stores in Berkeley.

Chris was super-welcoming and introduced me to several people and several games. I'm in town for a couple of months and will make this a regular part of my itinerary on Fridays.

Okay, this revue is for a comedy show ... Yes, a comedy show - I partook of last night.
 This game store one night a month opens it's doors in the evening on a Sat. night for something called "Critical Hit Comedy" - Which last night was a truly Critical Hit. All the comics were terrific and I was amazed how they managed to transform a really cool looking game store into a really passible and comfortable comedy club for the night... btw, did I mention it's free, and there is free pizza and candy? (BYOB) -- well, there is.   The Store itself looks like a very special place full of games of every sort - and because of the way the space is layed out you can play the games right there in the store (they also hold tournaments and such) 
   So check out the game store when you can and when there check out when the Critical Hit show (or other community events) is taking place.

I love this store! I have been playing Magic the gathering for years and tried a few stores in the bay area for MTG events. Most places I went to it was just too stuffy, crowded and the kind of players who ruin the fun of the game. This store however feels more like playing at home to me especially when drafting and having random classic radio song on. 

Plus this store has a variety of so many games you could probably spend lifetimes getting through just a few. Oh also this store seems to be one of the few Bay Area shops that still holds My Little Pony trading card game events. 

I would strongly recommend this store for the more casual level gamer looking for a good time and not worrying about knowing rules or feeling that competitive pressure that embitters a gaming experience.

Man, I wish those super old reviews about IYM employees demanding customers pay with cash would fall off the main page. They don't do that anymore! I've never had problems paying with a card here! 

What I do have problems with is finding new games in abundance. They don't carry a lot on the shelves and it can really cut a visit short to not have a lot to peruse. However! they will happily order something for you if requested. If it isn't something they usually carry they might make you pay a deposit, but if it's a common enough game they may even give you 10% off. What I appreciate most about It's Your Move is the friendly, knowledgable, and so-not-pushy staff. I've always felt welcome and wanted here, even if it's busy. 

For a first visit, I'd highly recommend coming in and playing some games from their free library. You don't have to buy anything (though donations are accepted+appreciated), and it's a fun way to kill time before, say, a dinner reservation. They don't necessarily sell all the games you can play, but as I mentioned, if you fall in love with something they might be able to order it for you OR they can recommend something similar. 

I came in here once and there was a local guy testing out a game concept he made up. He had pieces taken from other games and hand drawn cards, but it was really fun to play a game almost no one has played before and to give him constructive feedback. It was also good to meet some other local board game enthusiasts to play with. It's community events like this that make IYM so special. There's all kinds of weekly game nights as well as special every-once-in-a-while things. If you want to be the first to know about special events, sign up for their email list. They won't spam you every week, or even every month, but it's practically the only way to find out about some things.

No, their prices aren't the best, but that's not why I'm proud to support It's Your Move. I like to put my money back into Oakland, especially to businesses who care about their customers and perform a service to the community.

Very locally minded game store with a decent selection. Worth a stop if you're in the area!

Went in here a few months ago and had a great time at their game night. Loved how the owner greeted me and found me a table right off the bat. That's how you run an event!

Their board game library is always available though, in case you just want to drop by with some friends.

It would be nice to see some family friendly games nights. The game night on Fridays is full of adults playing with other adults and children who only play Magic. From the feel, and the service I got, the kids games for Magic on this night are not really beginner friendly nor are they helpful to help teach it/offer tips/etc. but they will sell you the cards and tell you when you learn to build a deck to come back. Well, when my son figures that out we will likely try a game here, but in the meantime try less competitive, for the fun, game nights for kids and families.

The game organization here is not easy to follow for consumers and overall the customer service is hit or miss.

Family friendly store with specialty gaming store with board games, role playing and other types of games. Good selection, knowledgeable staff. Provides a fun, safe place for people, including young people and teens, to hang out.

This is such a fun place to hang out in the neighborhood! The owner Chris and her friends made it to be so homy for us^^ It's been our every other Friday night to go place so far. Don't forget to make the donation ( 2-3 USD/pp) to help the store open late.

I respect the big playing spaces -- given the multiple, large tables and the schedules around I could tell that this was a big games-playing space.

I wasn't impressed at all with the games or books selections, though.  I felt like I had explored everything in just a few minutes.

minus 1 b/c the pricest are the the best bargain. + 1 b/c this is the store my husband would open when he retires from the computer science job that he currently has.

This is a geek's heaven. They have LOTS of great games
and the owner can guide you to what would be best for your family.

I love that you can try out stuff there.

A great place to get a gift for any little one in your life. and the big ones too. =)

Wonderful local game store. They're all about making sure everyone has a good time, and the staff is friendly and knowledgable. Just the kind of experience your FLGS is supposed to be about. Great place to play, great place to buy your games.

The proprietor is very nice, happy to chat about her games.  She recommended a very interesting board game to me "Corporate America" by a local game-maker (funded via KickStarter), it's a great party game.

When I came in a group of kids was playing Path Finder.  What a great way to spend a Saturday morning.

I've been going to IYM for about a year now &amp; have loved every minute of my time there. I head to the community game nights on 1st &amp; 3rd Fridays to try out new games, play old favorites, and just have a good time. There is plenty of space for people to come in and play the demo games that they have available or to bring in their own games to play with friends (which, living in a TINY apartment I appreciate, since it's impossible for me to have people over for game nights anymore!).

I have bought plenty of games from IYM, almost exclusively with credit/debit cards &amp; have never had any of the payment issues mentioned in older reviews.

Will &amp; Chris, the owners of the store, are very friendly &amp; know their games. If you come in with questions about a game they can answer them. They've helped me buy presents for my boyfriend (a total D&amp;D gamer geek) and my 5 yr. old niece, and helped my mother find a game mentioned at a computer science conference that she only barely remembered the details of.

Great little shop - they have so many awesome games, I ended up getting some extensions for Carcasonne a couple years ago but now I can't find anyone to play with me.  I keep meaning to go to the games night there.  Super friendly staff and great prices - support this fantastic local business.

It is a great place to hang out and play!

My son and I were driving home and I decided that some scones and a chicken sandwich from Bakesale Betty's was in order. We parked a few blocks down and walked past 'It's Your Move' on the way. My son immediately ducked into the store and I caught up with him on my way back. 

The space has the feel of a game and hobby store and a community gathering place. It kind of reminded me of how Harvey Milk's camera store was portrayed in the movie. And the nice gray-haired lady with the tie-dyed dress, added to the progressive vibe. 

The selection is a mixed bag. They are heavy on D&amp;D, more traditional board games, card collections (my son's current focus), and puzzle items (such as several versions of Rubik's Cube and maybe even a few Japanese boxes). It is a fun store and a definitely worth a good look for children and adults alike.

A couple of friends and I decided to kill some time in Oakland before heading over to Napa. After a delicious meal at Bakesale Betty's, we walk down the sidewalk and decided to impulsively pop into this little local gem.

I was impressed by the selection of games that they had. They even had tables set up and a whole bookshelf full of games you can take out and play at no cost. My girlfriends and I pulled out Candyland for nostalgia's sake and finished the game in 4 minutes. Then we pulled out Quelf and laughed our butts off.

I didn't buy anything from here, so my 4-star review is purely from gratis experience. But reading some of the reviews makes me want to buy games elsewhere, to be honest!

Awesome store with great people!

First off, ignore the older reviews about payment problems and concerns regarding credit cards.  I met one of the new owners last night and he said they are happy to take credit cards (that was only an issue with the prior owners).  It is clear that they realized this bugged people and is no longer an issue at all.

Second, the new owners (at least the younger guy I met) are very cool.  You can tell immediately that they have a real passion for games.  He was excited to tell me about a bunch of cool new games and it's clear he was really into the whole game scene (including the latest and greatest), which is awesome.

Third, I was looking for one particular game (the Lost Cities card game) and they had it in stock (it was hard to find elsewhere) and he also recommended some other good games.  

Finally, the new owner mentioned that they are renovating very soon to make more room for game playing and social events.  I am excited to check out what kind of events and game nights they will be putting on.

Great guy, wondersful store, and I will definitely be back.  If you like any kind of games, it is definitely worth a visit to support a great local business!

I'm a local game designer, and I wanted to say that IYM is a great little board and card game shop for anyone looking for a place not only to buy games, but also to play them.

I came in because of their Friday night Open Game night. From 7pm-midnight anyone can come in for free (though donations very welcome) and find a group willing to play games with them. I was able to test my 2-hour, 6-person game twice with all new sets of people. They had a bunch of demographics covered, so if you want to play games and can't find others, this is the place. They clearly have a tight-knit little community and are eager to expand.

I can't speak to the store itself, since I was just there to play games and not buying, but they seemed particularly eager to support and stock local and independent games, which was very cool.

The energy is GREAT at the store.  The new owner Chris and her staff are so friendly, helpful and fun.  I felt like a child all over again even at this rip old age. 
During the holiday season they have fresh pipping hot cider for kids of all ages.  I went in looking for a game for a secret Santa party and Chris was incredibly helpful.   I read an earlier review about some concerns about not being able to use a credit card but that was NOT A PROBLEM at all.
Indeed a ghost of Christmas (or what ever holiday one celebrates) PAST.

I have yet to check out the game nights but am excited to do so in the new year.  The Temescal area is really a cool space and with Chris at the helm of Its Your Move, the neighborhood just got even cooler!

Great store in a great location.  As others have mentioned, sometimes it's difficult to find the games you want in stock, but a lot of the appeal is in the friendliness and knowledge of the staff as well as the events that they run.  First Fridays of the month there's a big board game night where you can find folks willing to play just about anything, Thursdays they do a MTG draft, and there's a variety of other things scheduled as well.  Definitely a great store to have in the neighborhood.

This store is g-r-e-a-t.  I have taken my 8 yo autistic grandson a number of times and he has been well received and is learning some new games, including MTG, with the help of staff.  They have a terrific calendar of events, very friendly owners, thanks Chris!, and offer unique as well as classic games.  There is plenty of room for people to play their game of choice in a fun and safe environment.  Check out their calendar...it is more than just a game store...it is a community.

I was going to email the owner, but couldn't find an address on the website, so instead I'll write my comment here.

I went in today to buy a specific game--I knew I could get it for less at the big chain store I'd been at earlier in the day, but wanted to support my local shop when possible. The game cost $30 at the big store, and a whopping $50 at IYM. I was definitely startled by the huge price difference, but willing to pay it.

A young guy--clearly a student on vacation--helped me check out. He was polite and helpful, but then another employee came over and demanded whether he had asked me if I had cash. She said to the young guy, as if I wasn't there, "You should have told her to go out the door to the ATM instead of using her card." 

I'm appalled by this. I understand that shops pay a fee for card transactions, and it certainly seems fine to ask a customer if they mind paying with cash, but if they had straight-up *told* me to go get cash, I would have walked away and not returned. As it is, I don't feel inclined to give them any more of my money.

Endgame's a little farther away, but I'll make the trip there for my future game needs.

Edited to add: After reading another yelper's review, I checked my receipt--it appears that I was also charged an extra dollar without being told. Come on!

Excellent store with knowledgeable staff. There is a nice sense of community among the people who come here regularly.

It's Your Move isn't the biggest game store in the area, but it's definitely the friendliest. Great folks, frequent, inclusive events, and a down to earth atmosphere makes this not only the perfect community game store but an easy 5 star establishment.

I had a great experience here. I really don't know anything about games, other than that my friends play Settlers of Catan with a vengeance. It kind of pisses me off, so I wanted to see if there was a different game I could bring in to the mix.

So I came in here and the lady was really helpful, telling me all manner of things when I asked for help and suggesting games that I might want to try according to my interests. I felt bad for her because I didn't know what I wanted or even what KIND of game I was looking for. After a long-ass time of me asking questions, I finally decided on the card game Fluxx. This was a great suggestion on her part, because it drives my friends crazy and the rules keep changing. I never cared too much for rules anyways. 

So moral of the story is: this place is neat. Of course they have the requisite Settlers of Catan and every expansion pack thereof known to man. I hear they have Scrabble groups and stuff you can join. Also they really prefer cash instead of plastic. Whatever, support this great community store!

Chris and Will are incredible people. They have an unbelievable selection of games and are happy to give you their honest opinions as well as tell you about amazing new games you would've never heard about otherwise.

Plus, they have events almost every night of the week--including open gaming on fridays where you can play games to your hearts content. It's half community space, half shop--a purely Oakland experience.

They also exhibit local artists on the walls and have an awesome First Friday celebration. Some reviews here say they don't accept credit cards, but don't believe them, that was the last owner.

Long live it's your move.

This place tries hard to reach out to the community and have game days and the like. It's not as hardcore a game scene as near the Berkeley campus, so it seems they focus on more classic games like Scrabble and Monopoly.

The selection isn't particularly strong, but it's worth a look around.

I love this store, and really enjoy browsing. There's always something new and awesome or reminiscent of my childhood for gifting. There's even a gift-wrap station for wrapping presents!

A great store for hard-core gamers and weekend board gamers alike. I appreciate Sally, who knows more about the gaming industry than I could ever imagine.

i used to come down here to game when i was living in oakland.  i hadn't been down in a year or so since moving up to Vallejo but recently reconnected with some of the folks from our circle on facebook.  Turns out the old owners just sold the store to a group of their most active customers so i came down to check it out.  The place has been completely remodeled and is much more open with tables at the front for folks to game with friends.  it's basically a community center for people who like d20's.   Unfortunately, i'm not going to be down super-regularly cuz the traffic from vallejo sucks, but this place is very cool, very friendly, and generally a great place to be.

I've been coming here for a while purely for the evening game sessions, which are great.  Three of the people who run and play a lot of the games now own the store.   And no, they don't bug you about getting cash outside or the credit card fee anymore.

So it's a great place to come to PLAY tabletop games like D&amp;D, Magic the Gathering, a variety of board games, a variety of card games, etc.  And then you can pick up game stuff while you're at it.  With all that free gaming time, even unpaid DMs for D&amp;D and other rpgs, it's a great deal.

What a fun store.  There are games from your childhood all over the place.  I was in search of the perfect game for my hypercompetitive relative.  You know the type, the one who makes everyone play the latest game at every family gathering.  The owner asked what I was looking for, I described my plight and she suggested the perfect game.   When the gift was opened, she forgot all about the purse, the makeup, and other stuff.  She wanted to play the GAME.  Good recommendation, Thanks.

This place prefers cash and they have a table to allow you wrap your own gift.  Very cool.  Parking is difficult.

As some one who has worked in the Nerdy hobby business, I can say with certainty, this shop sucked. When some one says there is a five dollar minimum on cards, don't just change your mind because the sale is $5.75. It was cool they had games role playing games going, but the coolness pretty much ended there.

This shop is one part family and children's educational boardgames and two parts table/traditional games.

The female staff behind the counter (she may be the co-owner) was friendly enough, her greeting was sincere and she offered assistance.  The shop didn't have the game I wanted (Hex-Hex Next), but knew of the game and offered a knowledgeable reason why it wasn't in-stock.

The shop seems to be community oriented.  There are tables setup in the rear of the store and advertisements in the window for a board game Meetup night on the first Friday of each month.

Seems like a good place, I'll likely be back.  A bit hard-core into the collectible card games, but the selection of board games is pretty good.  The woman behind the counter was a bit pushy when we were in there, trying to steer us towards some of the more expensive games, but we found one we liked, made our purchase, and headed on out.

Really a hard place for me to review.  Seems to have a good selection of traditional board games as well as the Euro games.  Alas, I am not into either of those categories so I it is hard for me to judge them.  They did not seem to have any strategy games which I feel is a  major oversight but I can't mark them down too much for not catering to a niche market.

Wonderful relaxed store, very community-minded. Sally is great and incredible helpful.  It's a welcome place to hang out.

Sure they prefer cash and are a little pushy about it. They have a good selection of games and the staff, including the woman whom I believe is the owner is VERY helpful and full of good suggestions.

I would like to give it zero stars because I am so pissed off.  I just paid $50 for a game with a list price of $29.99.  Could have gotten it at Amazon for $26 with free shipping.   We thought there must be a mistake when we saw our receipt, and were told that they have to mark up mainstream games to sell the other games they carry.  And we can't return it for anything other than store credit.   That is a 70% mark up, what a rip off!

In a small town, this would be a great store. But, there's just better stores for games in the East Bay.   The prices are higher and the selection smaller here. And they really pressure you to use cash. I know that there are fees involved when people use credit, but they're really pushy about it.

I love it. They have what I want, and when I can't figure out what I want they know how to help me decide! They're very welcoming, and have created a space in which it feels comfortable to relax and browse instead of the usual buying rush.

