As a man, I've never had the best style sense. When I got a new job that required a more professional dress code, I knew I needed help. A friend recommend Laurie and she spent time getting to know me, my style, and my budget. 

She took me shopping and it was much easier than I could've imagined. Like most guys, I can be impatient and stubborn. She was patient, kind, and because she researched ahead of time, knew exactly the kind of clothes that would work for me.

Laurie helped me pick out a whole new wardrobe that fit well, was comfortable, and made me look like a million dollars, even though I spent far less than that. Moreover, she helped me with casual attire for every day and nights out. All my friends say I look better and seem more confident... I actually feel more confident because I look good and the clothes fit so well... even for my short, stocky body type.

I highly recommend Laurie for any man (or woman) looking to improve their lives by improving their fashion.

I've worked with many stylists, and Laurie is the first who has really understood my lifestyle and the clothes I need to go with it.  I would highly recommend her for anyone who wants to look and feel their best.  She is also a total delight to work with!

Laurie is the best.  Simply the best!  She can come to your home, go shopping with you or even do style sessions over Skype!

I have had her come to shop my closet twice so far. I love that she takes a look at your closet make so many fresh, polished look. What I loved the most was that you don't end up with a long shopping list. She truly picks from the things you have!  

To truly take advantage of her skills, you have to do your homework and prepare. Take all accessories out and organize them. Have your shoes and purse ready to go too.  Pull looks on the cloth app, Pinterest and cuttings from magazines.  You'll be happy you did. 

She has an upbeat personality and can help you camouflage many of your figure issues. Just be honest and she will address your concerns. The best?  She's fun!! My husband loves the final results.

Laurie came to my house and was fabulous!  Being a woman over 50 and actively "dating" I have struggled with "what to wear" for several years now!  She went through my closet and paired items I already had and yet together they were "fresh" and felt new!  Other than a few "nude" shoes there wasn't anything I really had to add to my wardrobe AND I "let go" of over two bags of sweaters, tops and pants that were so outdated and gave me the "frumps"!!  

She was so helpful and the pictures are amazing because it gave me a visual on what did look good so I wouldn't forget in the moment!  She gave me tips on what Jewelry to wear with each outfit and made it so easy for me now to just go in and "grab" an outfit for a date or a Networking event!

As a new business owner and Entrepreneur I have struggled with Over or Under dressing for client meetings.  Again with her helpful suggestions I was able to use what I had to create new and fresh looks!  

THANK YOU!!  THANK YOU!  THANK YOU!  Laurie!!  You are a "Goddess!"!!

Big hugs!

Wendy Robinson
Goddess Insight
Total Breakthrough Connections

