I visited today and did not buy a thing. I have bought a lot in the past but today I got nothing. Now I spoke with people playing a cool looking card game, I spoke to the owner who tried to track down an old PS2 game for me, I spent some time on the PC's, the place does not rush me to buy things. 

The store is really big for what it is. 

This place is great.

Went in to get a few practice games of Android:Netrunner under my belt before the store's tourney in a couple weeks. Otto is a great at helping me work on my decks and having a place to relax and hang out with friends. 

My only complaint is that I live too far away to make it in more often.

I've gone to many of the boardgame/tabletop stores that have opened and closed here in Bakersfield and this one is one of the best. They have a nice big location with plenty of room for whatever game you want to hang out and play. They keep a pretty good stock on  boardgames and a lot of the supplies you would need for miniature gaming. 

The one thing that makes this place so much more welcoming than other game shops is their focus on the customer. I worked in retail for years and as a shopper on of my biggest pet peeves is when whoever is behind the counter doesn't acknowledge new customers. That never happens here they great every customer and are very welcoming to not just the regulars. 

If you are looking for a new LGS I strongly recommend you check this place out, I always enjoy my time spent there.

This is a great store, with lots of fun events and a knowledgeable and friendly staff. Definitely the go to place for your gaming needs!

Awesome staff made my many trips here painless and enjoyable. 

  They have all the retro and modern games you could ever want, and the prices are second to none, also they pay more for the systems and games you trade in. 

  Also huge selection of board games, cards for magic the gathering, card wars, Pokemon, and more plus all the folks that come in and play throughout the the day make it a very welcoming and fun place. Will definitely do alot more business here and none at gamestop

I went in with my Playstation 3 a little while back and when I asked if they'd be interested in purchasing it, the cashier was rude and terse. 

However, if you play D&amp;D, Magic, or any other game of that sort, I hear it's a great place, so there's that.

Sadly overpriced and greedy owner. They charge more than GameStop, and will charge double for retro games than what you can find on eBay or Amazon.

Today was my first time there and I gotta say I was very impressed by how friendly and knowledgeable the staff was. I always had in mind to support my local game stores but I didn't really care much about where I bought my games, but after going to Otto's my perspective has changed. I highly recommend it!

This is my wife's and my favorite place to hangout, buy sweet new board/ video games. Otto really takes care of his customers and makes them feel at home! Highly highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a gaming store to be their home away from home

Hands down best kid oriented customer service locations in Bakersfield. This is the second birthday party we have had for our son here and they are stellar. Devin an employee there that assisted with the parties is outstanding and was so helpful and attentive to us and our guests and was so friendly. I definitely recommend this business to anyone looking for a different type of party location. Party room is a little small only seating about 10 kids comfortably but they have tables outside the party room that are able to be used if no one is occupying them. They do all they can to accommodate their customers and we love that!

From the great variety, to the "play rooms" and organized gaming events, to the staff that is knowledgeable and fun!  This place is Gaming Nirvana in Bakersfield.
If you are a gamer, you'll get this place immediately - if you aren't of the calling, you may be overwhelmed, or unable to grok the magnificence.
I, for one, think it is worthy of a "Bazinga!"

Walked in looking to find a new board game to play with no idea where to start, and left with highly satisfied. This place has great customer service and a big collection of games. The employee was highly educated on all of the board games and was able to suggest ones that I would like to play. I wish I lived closer so I could go there more often!

This is my favorite place to stock-up on all things nerdy! I love their tabletop game selection and their classic video games. The owner is wonderful and his staff is helpful, fun and knowledgable! There pay by the hour gaming room is a great place to bring the family. Everyone can play a different game at the same time! I love this place! Thank you Otto and team!

This place was great!
A large selection of current generation video games, as well as a good supply of retro games to catch the eye.
They have a large, Bioshock themed gaming room where you can pay by the hour to play.
There is also plenty of space for a Table Top gamer to play in the back, be it Dungeons and Dragons or Warhammer 40K! 
Couple that with a selection of Core Books and miniatures and you have a fantastic store to visit if you're in the area!

After moving to Bakersfield, this was one of the first places i visited and it was a good choice. I went to just check it out but also had a game in mind that id buy if they had it and they did! The atmosphere is great too - much more organized and neat than other game resale shops I have been to. The games are actually on a physical display and NOT piled/stacked in glass cases where they are hard to see.

Great selection of stuff from cards to video games! But I was not to happy with the people there maybe I just went on a bad day. Service was meh could have been much better at least a smile when you ring someone up.

Great classic videogames for sale. They provide free tables to play board/card games as well as miniatures. They also have a pretty large selection to buy from. This is the best of it's kind in Bakersfield.

Pound for pound The best game store in all of Bakersfield. I live in the north part of Bakersfield and drive across town just to see what they are going to sell next. They have video games from just about every console but this is more than just a video game store. Lots of great role playing games, card games and board games for sale as well. Games like dungeons and dragons, munchkin, game of thrones, warhammer, zombie dice, special editions of risk and much much more. You can even have your kids birthday party at this place. What's cooler than having several xbox's or playstations linked up in one room? You can pwn someone and instantly see the sadness on their face as you rule the gaming world. Don't get me wrong there are a few other gaming stores that I really like but this one by far is my new favorite. I think what sets the store apart from the rest is the knowledgeable and friendly staff. My only regret is that I can only give them 5 stars. Good job guys!

Medieval themed with vintage as well as modern systems. Awesome staff, with the owner being a long time manager of all the Gamestops,in town at one time or another. A beautiful game room with theater seating to try out the games before you buy them. All this with board games and a huge collection of Jinx merchandise. A must for any local gamer.

