One of the best spots in Disneyland.

Has some of the best eateries+1,
 some of the best rides +1,
And the best view in disneyland +1.
It has world of color+1
I like water+1

California screamin is easily one of the best rollercoasters I have been on. It's fast enough and has pretty deep drops. They also play music during the ride.    
   (     )      (     )
  (   O          O  )
            __

Starting to get a little run down.  Biggest complaint? Charging 20 bucks a day for parking. Seriously, you're a guest of the hotel. It's a pretty good bet you drove to get there, but then they surprise you with a hidden fee. Where else are you supposed to put your vehicle? Last minute hidden fees like this should be illegal.

Located near California Screamin.  I came here since my daughter wanted to go on the roller coaster ride.  I'm not a roller coaster girl because I get motion sickness easily.  They serve Soft Serve Ice cream but there are only two flavors: Vanilla, Chocolate, or Swirl.  You have a choice of getting it in a cup or cone (Regular or Large).  Other than Ice Cream they also have Floats, Coffee, and beverages.  You order at a window then pick it up at the next window.  

~Note: They don't have kids size scoops 

::Dessert::
We got one Vanilla Swirl on a cone but requested to split it in to two cones.  The ice cream was thick and smooth; the Vanilla flavor was good. The staff also creates a nice swirl; the portion was tall and thick.  

::Customer Service::
We ordered and got our ice cream. 

::Rating::
For the flavor, quality, portion, and size.. it's a deal especially being in California Adventure!  Customer Service was just "ok".  I'm giving it 3.5 Stars and rounding it off to 4 Stars.  We liked the ice cream! 

::M's Notes::
No seating area

**Located inside DCA**

Be wary of those reviews and pics from 2010!  They changed a lot since then.. It is now 2015, the 60th anniversary!  Unfortunately, they don't sell dipped cones here, but they still have the creamy soft serve ice cream - vanilla, chocolate, or swirl.  They also sell floats here - root beer, Fanta, coke, sprite, etc.  One float is huge.. Unless you're greedy like me, you might want to share with someone else ;)

You'll see from the photos that this ice cream shop is located across from Ariel's Grotto - behind the shop.  It's at the turn of the pier before you get to California Screamin'.

One of the best soft served ice cream I've ever had. It didn't melt quickly, which I really liked. It was perfectly silky and creamy but not cloyingly rich nor sweet...it was just right! The portion was generous for a smaller cone, too.

And it was a perfect treat while waiting in line for rides and, no, I wouldn't suggest indulging in this right before going on California Screamin'. LOL

Yummy floats and soft serve ice cream. Quick service, great views of Paradise Pier and a refreshing stop for ice cream when it's super hot out. Grab yourself a coke or a root beer float!!! 

 No annual pass discount here. :(

Paradise Pier... kinda reminds me of Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk lol.

I like Disneyland, but that area's more suited for picture-taking, despite having some of the nice attractions.

Located within Disney's California Adventure, this is the place where you want to be when the sun is setting down. This is the place you want to be when they light up the attractions like Mickey's Fun Wheel and California Screamin' roller coaster. This is DEFINITELY where you wanna be when they have the World of Color shows!

This area of Disneyland is better suited for those who are in it for the rides. Not only is there California Screamin' and Mickey's Fun Wheel, but there's also Ariel's Grotto, Toy Story Midway Mania and much more. There a lots of shops around here as well, and they sell some of the lightup items that are fun to use during World of Color. 

This place is fun for some family time, hanging out with your pals, a romantic and fun-filled date with your significant other, or just a day of content to yourself :).

Definitely a must go to spot in california adventures. Great all around, it's amazing. Don't skip it!
Ice cream is AMAZING!!!!! 
It's a cool picture spot

I've only been to Paradise Pier Ice Cream Company once in ALL my ventures to DCA, but the empty line made it worth it! I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to soft serve, so to satisfy my in-the-moment craving, Paradise Pier Ice Cream Company was a good choice. This is a good option if you don't feel like dealing with the crowds at some of the other ice cream locations in the Park.

Note: This ice cream walk-up doesn't seem to be open all the time, so it's always a gamble if you decide to check out the walk-up. Sometimes during normal park hours, I've noticed that the windows were closed. My advice would be to hit up this walk-up window on the way to a ride (Toy Story Mania, etc.) so you can detour if the place is open, but conveniently continue onward to your destination if not.

"Swirl Soft Serve Ice Cream Cup": I got the swirl during my first (and only) visit to this walk-up window and opted for the regular size (though the large definitely looked tempting on a hot summer day). The soft serve itself was something you could easily find at another ice cream store ... but hey, everything tastes better in Disneyland. The concoction sported the perfect blend of creamy chocolate and vanilla that started to melt pretty quickly, so I was preoccupied with my treat for the next 10 minutes or so. Though Ghirardelli is the main attraction in DCA when it comes to ice cream, the lines at Paradise Pier Ice Cream tend to be much shorter ... so if you'd rather not wait or experience a crowd, order from this walk-up instead and enjoy your soft serve while watching the riders on California Screamin' shout their heads off!

"Vanilla/Chocolate Soft Serve Ice Cream Cone": Though I always prefer to have my soft serve in a cup, there are vanilla and chocolate cone options as well (in both regular and large sizes). This is a good option if you want a no-fuss, no-frills ice cream staple. However, because I prefer chocolate-dipped cones, I would probably head over to the Cozy Cone Motel in Cars Land. However, I've seen multiple people ordering the cones at Paradise Pier Ice Cream Company, and they definitely looked yummy.

One of the best spots in a Disneyland. It's beautiful at night with everything lit up. Great photo spot

***Paradise Pier is intended to remind people of coastal boardwalk amusement parks and Disney pulls it off with a great look and vibe (other pluses include a very clean environment and much shorter waits than Disneyland); Disney brings a modern and thrilling touch too with the small but fun California Screamin' roller coaster and the one-of-a-kind interactive ride Toy Story Midway Mania!***

I might be in the minority, but I prefer Disney California Adventure to Disneyland and its Paradise Pier is one of the main reasons.  This area of Disney California Adventure is intended to reflect popular coastal boardwalk amusement parks like the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and Disney pulls it off.  This part of the Disney California Adventure has a great look with the water and the boardwalk design of the rides, waiting areas, games, and so on.  And unlike a lot of amusement parks, this area is very new, clean and well kept.

In addition to the great look that Paradise Pier has, it also features some of Disney California Adventure's best attractions.  Its roller coaster California Screamin' takes up the most real estate and it does a great job balancing the right design (it looks like a boardwalk wooden roller coaster from a distance) with the fun (this ride is much more modern, thrilling and comfortable than those wooden roller coasters).  While this roller coaster does not reach the heights and speeds of the country's top roller coasters, California Screamin' generates a great speed rush to start (from a motor that launches the cars on the track) and a fun and signature loop.

The other fun part of this area are the boardwalk games, which you will not find at Disneyland.  While there are not a great variety of games here, they are fun and very family friendly.  Prizes are a decent quality too and feature popular choices like the Toy Story characters and Dumbo.

The signature attraction of Paradise Pier though is Toy Story Midway Mania!, which does a great job of combining the feel of a boardwalk game with a fun and modern interpretation; it also, of course, sprinkles in the great Toy Story characters that Disney is known for.  The ride takes you from simulated carnival game to simulated carnival game such as ring toss, dart gun and more.  Toy Story Midway Mania! captures the spirit and draw of those carnival games but elevates them with an immersive gameplay and a frenzy of activity, stunning visuals and excellent sound effects.

The ride is 3-D and exceptionally well-known, but it is really beyond 3-D since gushes of air are used to create a completely immersive environment.  The wait for this ride can be long though it can also be surprisingly short.  Regardless of the wait, the ride is well worth it.  Toy Story Midway Mania! is one of the funnest amusement park rides anywhere and is the truly rare ride that actually appeals to all ages.

Service throughout this area is very nice and up to Disney's high standards.  Service might even be a tad more personable than Disneyland given the smaller crowds here.

Disney California Adventure's ticket prices are high, but I find the experience here so much more enjoyable than Disneyland because of the smaller crowds.  In addition to Paradise Pier, Disney California Adventure also features a very fun tower drop (Twilight Zone Tower of Terror) that integrates several nice special effects and Soarin' Over California (an impressive movie ride), which provide more fun and value for your money.

There definitely is a lot more of Paradise Pier that I need to check out like the food as well as their renowned World of Color fountain and light show.  I am sure the World of Color presentation will only increase my appreciation for this area of Disney California Adventure.  Even without it, Paradise Pier is one of my favorite amusement park areas in the country.

Disneyland and Disney California Adventure parking is $17 per vehicle.

No wonder Mickey Mouse doesn't have six pack abs but one adorable and happy tummy. He probably pampers himself with a soft serve cone for dessert every single day! 

We always pass by the Ice Cream Co. whenever we're on the way to kick butt at the Toy Story ride, but today, we wanted to take a relaxing stroll around the park. The soft serve here complimented our adventurous walk so sweetly. It was perfectly sweet and creamy in texture. The swirl was the best choice on a cone for us cus we got to experience the World of Color in vanilla and chocolate!

It's so pretty both day and night. Everyone stops here to take a picture. It's a must! 
-the end.

A picture is worth a thousand words, so may I present exhibit A (warning: please protect keyboard from inevitable drool): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paradise-pier-ice-cream-co-anaheim?select=ao-excsPEoTrLHEIqD8h5w#I_iQkQkoDyM2FWtjFThazQ. Here's the crazy part... it tastes even better than it looks!

The hotter the day, the longer the line, where you'll be fully exposed to the sun's awesome rays. But trust me, it's worth it. Get the large soft serve for $4!

PS Thanks, Disney, for charging an arm, leg and house mortgage for our annual passports, so we're bamboozled into thinking that $4 for a large cone is a great deal.

Paradise  pier certainly has the California Boardwalk feel but it falls a little short. The recent re-do has done the pier a disservice. The shops and games are cute and fit the theme but we find ourselves not walking past Toy Story Mania. They have very few if any food concession, stores that don't carry special merchandise or any attractions until you reach the other end. 

Disney needs to find a reason to push traffic further down. Make that end of Paradise Pier a destination like the many other areas in Disney  California Adventure. How about a new walk through Disney themed fun house and/or haunted house?

We decided to get soft serve and noticed other peoples cones and they looked amazing! Like with any theme park there was a line so we waited patiently excited for our treat. When it was finally our turn to order the girl working (Mariam) decides to start refilling the machine which is fine but she didn't say anything to us she  just ignored us waiting at the window, and even looked right at me and still said nothing like "sorry for the wait" etc. After a few minutes another window opens and we got to order and the girl helping was much more pleasant. 

The soft serve was good but I'd rather not have mine with a side of attitude so unfortunately her rudeness makes me not want to come back, which is a bummer!

Fashioned after a Victorian Era boardwalk amusement park and possibly inspired by a combination of the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and San Francisco's Pier 39, Paradise Pier is charming, colorful, well-designed, and yet cleaner than any public seaside park or pier I have ever been to.. especially one that attracts as many people as DCA does.

:: ATTRACTIONS ::
* California Screamin' (roller coaster with loops)
* Games of the Boardwalk (fishing game, ball toss, etc)
* Golden Zephyr (centripetal motion ride w/a view)
* Goofy's Sky School (steel roller coaster)
* Jumpin' Jellyfish (parachute jump-style ride)
* King Triton's Carousel
* The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Undersea Adventure (storybook ride)
* Mickey's Fun Wheel (ferris wheel, sliding or fixed gondolas)
* Silly Symphony Swings (wave swinger)
* Toy Story Midway Mania! (ride w/virtual boardwalk games, 3d glasses required)
* World of Color (epic water and light show)

:: DINING ::
* Ariel's Grotto (character dining, prix fixe)
* Boardwalk Pizza &amp; Pasta (try the pesto ravioli)
* Lucky Fortune Cookery (asian-influenced rice bowls)
* Pacific Wharf Cafe (soups, sandwiches)
* Paradise Garden Grill (skewers, salads)
* Bayside Brews (beer, wine, pretzels)
* Corn Dog Castle (hot dogs, corn dogs)
* Cove Bar (drinks and bar snacks)
* Don Tomas (turkey legs, chimichangas)
* Ghirardelli (sodas, chocolate, ice cream)
* Hot Dog Hut (hot dogs)
* Karl Strauss Biergarten (beer, pretzels)
* Paradise Pier Ice Cream Co (soft-serve ice cream)
* Rita's Baja Blenders (margaritas w/actual alcohol)

Paradise Pier is a section of DCA that has a lot to offer. When I think about spending days out at the Santa Monica Pier, I'm led to believe that Disney did a great job as they brought all of the elements that one would expect to find at the pier into the setting at DCA. Mickey's Fun Wheel takes center stage because it's so massive! California Screamin' is also quite massive and really blends in quite well with the colorful, brightly lit Fun Wheel. You can shop along the boardwalk or play a few games. Don't forget to satisfy your taste buds while munching on a churro or even letting some cotton candy get stuck between your teeth! World of Color takes place here and this area can become quite congested after 6:30pm. Don't forget to say hello to Donald who is stationed next to Ariel's Grotto.

My favorite ice cream at California Adventure!  It is so smooth and creamy, I love it.  They don't have it at Disneyland, so it is a must if you are at California Adventure.

1.  It's ginormous.  The large size is as big as my face.  Make people jelly with your giant ice cream.
2.  It's cheap.  The large is only $4, and not that much more expensive than the regular size.  The regular size is plenty for one person.
3.  Get the swirl.  The only options are chocolate, vanilla, and swirl for a tornado of both.

When they opened Carsland, they started serving the same soft serve ice cream at one of their cone food stands.  I still like to think that this one is more awesome.

I've been to Disneyland a million times throughout my life but never stayed at a Disney hotel. 

Moving out of state and realizing my boyfriend had never been I began bugging him to go to Disneyland. He surprised me with tickets to the park, even a stay at the paradise pier!

Disney knows what they're doing, not even just for kids. Everything was so perfect. 

Turns out on this trip my boyfriend was to propose!! My boyfriend contacted the hotel to see what they could do to help him with that.  Jessica the hotel manager went above and beyond and everything was so magical. 

Before I knew what was going on, we got a room upgrade to a room with a view of the whole park, complimentary desserts, pictures with Goofie, balloons and lei's. 

I was ecstatic with all that. 
Then..

The proposal, with him not having ever been to Disneyland he didn't know where to do it in the park. We've always loved 'Bugs life' so Jessica chose a perfect spot in 'Bugs Land'. My boyfriend lured me to the area where I didn't even notice cast members or Jessica herself were standing and captured every moment on photo and video. It was truly amazing. They even had 'Flik' come and take photos with us!!

After a wonderful day at the park we come back to the room set up with chocolates and roses on the bed, even an extra thoughtful gift of 'Wall-e and Eve' mugs. 

Stay at the 'paradise pier'! So so worth it.

Another perk of staying at a Disney hotel is you get the extra magic hour into the park, we got on all of the big rides in the time with barely any wait time. Made navigating through the park on a busy weekend a breeze.

Thank you so much Jessica!!

I don't really like eating ice cream when it's hot. I like a giant double scoop on a cold day so that I can take my time eating it. But here we were at Disneyland on a hot hot day, standing in line for ice cream. I decided just to stick with water, but my husband ordered a root beer float and I ended up sharing it with him. It was really, really good. 

The prices were good and the float was yummy! We were lucky there wasn't much of a line ahead of us so we were only standing in the sun a few minutes before getting our order.

Definitely my favorite vanilla ice cream. I get it every time I'm in Disneyland! The shakes are really good as well

The ice cream here is perfection! Got it in a rootbeer float and it was so good. Only problem is once you take the spoon out of the ice cream on top, the rootbeer starts coming up and it "explodes" so be sure to stick the straw in to start drinking it!

My family and I love walking around through Paradise Pier at Disney's California Adventure Park.  It is a themed area based on Victorian boardwalks that were once found along the coast of California.  Despite it's name, it's not actually a pier, but a waterside area of the park.  The roller coaster California Screamin' covers most of the area and other attractions, games, restaurants and shops are scattered around it.  Some of our favorite attractions here include Toy Story Midway Mania, Mickey's Fun Wheel, and their amazing evening water show, The World of Color.  The wide sidewalks and large open air spaces make you feel less cramped and crowded walking around in comparison to the lands in their sister park, Disneyland.

My go-to place for soft serve at Disneyland!!

Swirl- the best of both worlds; half chocolate and half vanilla.

Paradise Pier, one of the eight districts inside Disney California Adventure. "Pier" in name only, is a the area that surrounds Paradise Bay, the large body of water which hosts World of Color nightly.

Paradise Pier takes inspiration from the old pier side amusements that once adorn the coastline of California.  When Disney's California Adventure first opened in 2001, Paradise Pier was mainly a cement "pier" and nothing really stood out that would take you back to the old seaside pier amusement.  Of course, the main draw on Paradise Pier was (and in part still is) the big roller coaster that spans the distance of the Pier district, California Screamin'. 

After years of never living up to the hype of Disneyland, they knew they needed to start investing in Disney's California Adventure needed. Skip ahead to 2006, Mali-burritos and Strips, Dips 'n' Chips closed for the construction on Toy Story Midway Mania, which would open two years later in 2008. 

Toy Story Midway Mania's themed housing redefined the look and feel of what the 2001 version of Paradise Pier was going for.  The opening and success of Toy Story Midway Mania made it possible for Disney to invest and reinvent Disney California Adventure.  It was decided to make over Paradise Pier.

With the Victorian era themed building of Toy Story Midway Mania, many areas around the Pier had to be redesigned or taken away. The Sun Wheel became Mickey's Fun Wheel,  The Orange Stinger became Silly Symphony Swings, Mulholland Madness made way for Goofy's Sky School and The Games of the Boardwalk were rethemed completely with references to Casey (from the animated short Casey at the Bat), Dumbo, Goofy, and Bullseye (from Toy Story 2 fame). The Malliboomer, which was located near Mickey's Fun Wheel was taken away as it didn't fit in the the theme Disney was going for.  The area that once was the home of the S.S. Rustworthy, Burger Invasion, Pizza Oom Mow Mow is now the dinning location of both Boardwalk Pizza and Pasta and Paradise Garden Grill. The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Undersea Adventure was a new attraction built for Paradise Pier

The Pier has come a long way from the 2001 version and tries better to capture that seaside amusement of days gone by

BEST root beer floats! 

Not sure if their soft serve is truly different from the rest of the park but to be honest after trying it, I've never strayed. 

The large cone is btw RIDIC. Stopping here is a must before you head into the 30-40 minute Midway Mania ride.

It is just a simple vanilla, chocolate, or swirl ice cream in a cup or cone. There isn't really anything special about Disneyland's ice cream unlike other Disney foods like the Dole Whip, Corn Dog, or Monte Cristo. My boyfriend said it actually tasted similar to McDonald's but nearly three times the price. 

I paid $3.93 for the regular size with tax included &amp; they do not accept Annual Pass holder Discounts. The cone is free so it is a plus. I guess another pro would be the view of California Adventure while you enjoy your ice cream. Ultimately, there isn't anything to rave about.

YOU HAVE GOT TO COME HERE!!! (If you haven't already...)
'Another great Disney find!  'Mark it to visit on your next stop @ the park!
The value for your money can't be beat!

The general rule for any Disney patron whether you're a tourist or local AP holder is to expect to drop a bit of cash if you get hungry or thirsty. ('Even w/the AP Discount.)

'AND THEN...  You find something like the Ice Cream Co. over at DCA. (Disney's CA Adventure)  SCORE!

Large Root Beer Float($4.59) - Great! Perfect ratio of soft serve ice cream to Barq's Root Beer; very filling
Large Swirl Cone($3.69) - Ginormous! 'Bigger than the ones at the OC Fair! Perfect for a warm, SoCal day at the park!  You can't beat the prices!!
Great prices, large servings = Score @ DCA!

Total w/tax: $8.92 ('Less than $9 for two people @ Disneys! Practically unheard of!!) MIckey's mmmmmm'Ice Cream Co. is not to be missed!

Can't believe it took me so long to try this place, the line speaks for itself!
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_GJDSKIB3QGdx7m-Rr4ToA?select=xYLHr2859e0SRzDdpYUHkg
The Great Disney Adventure continues!

- Big Aloha!

Food: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 5 
Value: 5+

Great way to cool off on a hot day at California Adventure.  Soft serve choices are regular or large in a cup or cone of vanilla, chocolate, or swirl.  I always opt for the swirl to get the best of both worlds.  They also offer a variety of floats if that suits you.

What do I have to say about Paradise Pier Ice Cream?! It is one of the best soft-served vanilla ice cream I've had around ESPECIALLY when at Disneyland! The large order of the soft-serve can come in a cup or a cone and you really get your bang for your buck. The one large order is enough for 2 to 3 people and they also have other options here like root beer floats (which you can sub for cola if you wish). Hot or cold, I totally recommend you to stop by this place located between the California Screamin roller coaster and Cove Bar/Ariel's Grotto!

Nice place to walk around and enjoy a laid back boardwalk feel.

You can grab a beer an pretzel and play carnival games or hop on midway mania and challenge a friend.

Vanilla chocolate swirl cone!!!

Best ice cream to get on a hot day. The ice cream bars and ice cream sandwiches from the carts don't cut it because they're usually hella hard and too small. Get the soft serve from here. It's worth it! Chocolate is not overpowering.. It's just the perfect mixture.

One of 4 spots to satisfy your ice cream craving within Disney California Adventure.

Hits
* Minimal, straightforward menu - vanilla, choco, or swirl in a cup/cone, root beer/coke/sprite floats, and standard fountain drinks/coffee... unlike Clarabelle's limitless hand-dipped possibilities or Ghirardelli's dozens of decadent sundaes and toppings
* Relatively shorter wait than the other 3 ice cream locales in the park
* Creamy and thick soft serve!

Misses
* Melts faster than hand-scooped ice cream

A good dessert option to hit when passing by the boardwalk.

Paradise Pier is the throwback to California boardwalks. As someone who has been up and down California, I got to say I like it here. It's definitely a bit too clean for the authentic feel but for a Disney park, it hits the important marks. My biggest issue is that whatever attractions are part of Paradise Pier are overshadowed by lines for rides, especially Toy Story Midway Mania. You'll find that the Pier itself is not really that much of an attraction as it is more like a place to just walk by and admire the view. Also, the prices to do anything are not attractive. The game and concession stands are a nice touch, but still feels like there's more missing. Overall, I like Paradise Pier, but if you are unfamiliar with California itself, you probably wouldn't even know it's an actual attraction and more just a place to find the line to that ride you want to get on. Still, it's a great part of DCA.

So i had this ice cream for the first time a few months ago when my friend &amp; i came to DLand &amp; after i had one bite.. I fell in love! I craved this ice cream for months &amp; now i'm back with my family. The first thing i did when i got back to DCA was run to this ice cream shop and pick up some swirl (Vanilla &amp; Choco) in a cup. Omfg.. Its soft serve and it is the BEST soft serve in the entire universe. They don't sell it anywhere else besides DCA (I've checked) but i TOTALLY recommend coming to this ice cream shop if youre visiting DCA! Its a MUST! You can thank me later

I absolutely LOVE this ice cream place. I call it my "Cali Adventure crack". I get some every time I come. Something about the flavor and how smooth and creamy makes it the perfect treat for any temperature and any occasion. Even my husband who is always trying to save money on food at Disneyland will always spend money on this place. He loves the chocolate and I am partial to the vanilla. This is most definitely a MUST STOP when you are at California Adventure. The pricing is great for the amount of ice cream you get and the quality can't be beat. I always introduce this place to my friends when we come and I have not had anyone be disappointed yet! TRY IT!!!

I came back here early June this year (2010) and they changed it! They got rid of all the fruit flavors and now only serve vanilla, chocolate or swirl.

Of course I had to ask if they were coming back and they told me there were no plans of having the flavors return :(

I'm super bummed. This is one of my favorite ice cream places ever! Oh please bring back my strawberry and lemon swirl!

They know how to stack the ice cream on the cone!! More than generous portion for what you pay for! The ice cream is also delicious especially  on a warm day

I don't usually finish all my ice cream or get an ice cream cone but I will here! The ice cream is wonderfully creamy and smooth and delicious. On my most recent visit, I got the swirl in a regular cup. It is definitely enough to be shared w/2 people! At $3.99 for this portion of yummy, worth it!

One of the most affordable eats at Disneyland resorts.

Get a large SWIRL!

Rootbeer Float is awesome too.

Lasts WAY longer than the Churro.

YUM!

Almost 5 stars...almost!  If the line had some sort of shade it would definitely get 5 stars.  On hot days though, standing in the sun waiting in the always long line is not desirable.  Sure the other ice cream options have longer lines but they are also indoors with A/C!! A few standing umbrella's would make a lot of people really happy!!

If you want a healthier &amp; less expensive (Large = Under $4) alternative to ice cream in the park, this place has excellent soft serve. Swirl is my fave but for those choc-aholics and boring vanilla people, they've got what you want too

. If it's hot outside, prepare to inhale this or it will drip and melt all over you in a matter of minutes.  If it's cool out...take your time!!  Either way you get PLENTY to satisfy that sweet tooth!

 I haven't tried their Root Beer Float yet but I hear it's tasty...just more expensive (almost $5)

They also sell drinks but if you're anything like me (cheap), I never buy drinks in the park.  I bring water with me!!

Great on a hot day while waiting in line for Toy Story Mania! Probably the best soft serve I've had (besides the Dole Whip). The texture was amazing. Perfectly smooth and creamy. Of course it was tasty too. It's so good, while eating it you're probably thinking "wow this must be really bad for me". Oh well, LOL.

skip the ice cream sandwiches &amp; whatnot and go straight for the swirl here.  even the rootbeer floats here will kill your summer day blues. sometimes there's a line but it's well worth the wait because at the end you'll get to sink your teeth into a delicious treat. 

for about $4 you get the regular size cone which is not "regular" it's huge. the large is nuts. but if you like ice cream then you can take on that challenge. i couldn't finish a regular.

I'm not a really soft serve fan, but I decided to give this a try, since we had lots of time to waste before our next fast pass, and the line was relatively short, as compared to its usual length. 

The price is considerably cheap, as compared to the Dole Whip place over at Disneyland, but $1, or so. Like everyone said, its about .50-60 cents more to get the large, which is pretty good. The only flavors they have though are the usual: vanilla, chocolate, and swirl.

After trying it, I'm still not a fan, so I guess the fro yo sensation has converted me and will never get out of my system. But, it's a good treat to have on a hot summer day, or for any first timer, like me!

This soft serve place is an unexpected gem!  The regular soft serve was $3.49 and a large was $3.99.  We were getting these soft serves as a late second breakfast or early lunch, so we decided to go for the large cones since they were only 50 cents more.  The choices were vanilla, chocolate, and swirl.  Of course, we went with the swirl.

Imagine my excitement/horror when I was handed a giant cone that was 9 or 10 inches tall (including the cake cone).  This soft serve was a thing of beauty and an architectural marvel.  AND it tasted wonderful!  It was very creamy (a lot of soft serve is too icy and doesn't contain enough cream), and the vanilla and chocolate flavors were very vanilla-y and chocolatey (too many soft serve places put some artificial flavors or something in their soft serve, and the flavor will be really off).

This place definitely ranks up there among my favorite soft serve places ever.

Note: Don't buy this ice cream and then assume that you can eat and powerwalk to the fastpass machines at the same time.  We gave up on the fastpass mission in order to eat our ice cream.  Then I mistakenly thought that we were on a mission/contest to eat our ice cream cones as fast as humanly possible so that we could then powerwalk over to the fastpass... I won the contest that was in my head (and simultaneously scared the boyfriend).  I had a bit of a stomachache afterwards, but it was all worth it for first place in a contest that only I knew about, right?

Reasonably priced and a delicious excessive swirl of ice cream! get the vanilla and chocolate swirl to get the best of both worlds!

OMG great soft serve!! I can't believe I've never tried this place. The creamy deliciousness of the soft serve goes perfectly with the crunchy cone it's presented in. I always thought that McDonald's soft serve was pretty amazing, but wow, I think I've discovered a new fav. I'm glad that Disney still has the ability to surprise me and give me new noms every now and then :) I think it's funny that we think this is cheap because everything about Disney is already so damned expensive, but it's delicious nonetheless and I'll be back many times this coming summer!! :D

It was so hot this past Saturday, my husband wanted soft serve so we were in the hunt for this place while we were at Disney California.  I ordered a large vanilla on a cone for the whole family to share.  The size was decent for it's price but the flavor tasted more like milk, rather than vanilla.  Next time, we'll just stick with regular ice cream.

A solid 4.5 stars.

Or at least it was......UNTIL THEY CHANGED ALL OF THE AWESOME FLAVORS.

Now, instead of having cotton candy and bubblegum....they only have chocolate and vanilla.

I am hoping this is temporary.  I hope that once all of the tourists go away, we can return to the awesomeness that is the off season, and I can get my lovely blue swirled cotton candy cone back.

Until then....2 stars.

I thought McDonalds had the best vanilla soft serve ice cream until I tried Paradise Pier Ice Cream.  Now I'm telling everyone that Disneyland CA Adventure has the best vanilla soft serve ice cream in the LA area.

It's like eating a piece of happiness!

Holy mother of God, the ice cream here is fantastic. Having given up dairy, I now sadly must be content with my memories of their most perfect root beer float, which is chock full of smooth, flavorful soft-serve ice cream. It is worth going to this out-of-the-way little window. Just don't eat this right before going on California Screamin' or you may be splattering the person in front of you.

RIP flavor swirls. This place used to be awesome back when they did the cool colorful flavor swirls in options such as cotton candy, bubblegum, lemon, etc. Now it's just a yawner since they only offer vanilla and chocolate soft serve. Not going to lie though...this soft swirl is still pretty freaking fantastic on a hot day. Damn you, Disney! I want to protest this stand for getting rid of the flavor swirls but heck, if I'm at Disney, they've already got my money anyways. 

Along with being delicious, they're also extremely generous with their portions and it's one of the cheaper snack options in the park. No annual passholder discount here.

Very nice soft served ice cream here. For an amusement park it wasn't that expensive. The give a good amount that is worth the money. Their Rootbeer floats are nicely served and they don't skimp on the ice cream or the soda. Definitely something to get when you're walking around the park on a hot day.

Really bummed about not getting the swirl flavors that others were talking about previously, but this is by far the BEST soft serve ice cream you'll find anywhere. And for $3 and some change, it's not a rip off!!!

I've been on a soft serve frenzy lately and this is my go to spot at Disney. Even if it is cold, I would crave this. 

Get a large swirl and share it. The large is only like 50, 60 cents more than the regular. It is HUGE! Don't let it topple over! It really satisfies every sweet bud in the mouth. 

Before, you were able to choose flavors. I was so sad when it changed to just, chocolate, vanilla, or swirl. Boo. It is still good though. Satisfaction in a cone!

-Go!

Oh Catch a Flave. How I love thee. As a cast member, this is the second best place  on property  and Best place in California Adventure  to get ice cream. 

Let me say, its worth the wait!! :D  Highly recommend Butter Pecan soft serve! 

This delicious treat will hit the spot on a hot day and take you back to the glory days of "Boardwalk" California..

I don't need to take a long time to explain to you the amazing-ness of this soft serve ice cream.  It is hands down the BEST soft serve I have ever had. The vanilla is delicious; the chocolate is delicious, and the swirl is just bomb-diggity.  

Can you tell I like this place? Go there and try it if you haven't as soon as possible.  You will know exactly what I am talking about. (Also, the prices aren't an arm and a leg in comparison to other Disney desserts.)

BEST. SOFT SERVE. EVER.

I always get the swirl with vanilla and chocolate. The ice cream tastes so perfect and delicious, it's the perfect snack while enjoying your time at California Adventure.

Located on the boardwalk in between Ariel's Grotto and California Screamin'.

Oh my soft serve!!! Really cheap and really delicious soft serve. You can't go wrong with this, ESPECIALLY on a hot summer day in LA. It's located on the pier, right by Ariel's Grotto. Just walk past it, see the long line, and power walk to the end of it.

Super affordable at $3 a cone. Can't go wrong with Vanilla or Chocolate or Vanilla Chocolate Swirl. It's about a mile high and REALLY takes a lot of work to finish it. 

This was considered a meal to me. Can't wait to have some more!!

I totally crave Paradise Pier even on cold days. It's that yummy. Perfect craving successor for the females when they need that sweet filling. 

It's really easy to pass this place especially when people are speed-walking to get in line for California Screamin or Toy Story Mania. Look for it! It's right before all those traditional California summer posters! 

Perfect creamy taste, perfect denseness, perfect amount (sometimes too much, but no complaints on that), and most importantly perfect speedy preparation.  By the time you finish putting in your change and quickly forcing your wallet back in your bag/pocket in hopes for some ice cream...it's there. All ready for you.

Chocolate, vanilla, or a get combo swirl. This place is great on those hot days at California Adventures. The line may be long, but it's so worth it when you are looking for a cool treat.

After eating two of the most awesomest corn dogs know to man (please see Corndog Castle review), my sweet tooth was looking for a little love.  I had a hankering for one of them Mickey shaped ice cream sammiches at the carts, but alas-- I am a California girl and thus I had no cash.

The boy asked the cart attendant if there was an ice cream place that took credit and we were directed to either Catch-a-Flave or Burr Bank.  Since we were closer to Paradise Pier, we decided to catch out Catch-a-Flave.

By far, one of the best decisions of the day.  Not only is it cheaper than the $4 ice cream at the carts, but I think it lasts longer and it's entertaining!  Call me a simpleton, but I am highly amused by the swirl in my ice cream and with the 8 or so flavors you can choose from, everyone's tastebuds can be satisfied.  

At first, I thought it was a run of the mill soft serve yogurt swirl shop.  It's not-- it's soft serve ice cream with a flavor swirl mixed on to the side.  Even after you lick it off, the flavor is still in there.  I got the chocolate swirl.  Smooth, creamy, rich.  What's not to love?

Buy a cone and enjoy it as you hear "3-2-1, BLASTOFF!" along the pier... followed by a few terrified screams.  There's nothing like it.

SOOO yummy and SOO worth the wait when the line is long.
plus it goes fast anyway.

We get the soft serve and have tried vanilla and swirl.

my husband and i didnt care much for the chocolate flavor but the vanilla is SO good and we end up getting one everytime we go, no matter HOW cold it is outside. =)

definately worth the money. they give you plenty!

i only had one awkward experience with a cast member named luis and his partner in crime whose name i didnt catch.

he couldnt understand accents to save his life and my husband has a VERY strong cuban one.
we had to reppeat the order of one large swirl four times before he finally got it.
and while i waited at the pick up window the lady blatantly asked him if i was with the guy he was helping (my husband).
i found it a little unprofessional considering i was standing right there.

whatever though.

The pier is always fun! It has a santa cruz broadwalk feel with a disney feel. I will say the food at the end of the pier leaves something to be desired.  It needs a lot of improvement. The only thing I don't like here is the ferris wheel.

Located in California Adventure, on the boardwalk as soon as you pass Ariel's Grotto. 

I am a huge fan of root beer floats and this place sure has a good one! 
(They use soft serve ice cream in it) 

It is the perfect summertime treat while waiting in line.

If you want soft served ice cream this is the place you've been looking for. Great price and great flavor. My to go to spot at DCA!

This place was quite a surprise and delight for me. It is one of the few place's in CA Adventure that you get your money's wroth. A large is $3, I think, which at first seem's pricey, but then the ice cream come out,  It was HUGE! The ice cream extended out of the cone for about 5 or 6 inches!

Best soft serve Ice Cream in all of California Adventure.  The Cozy Cone offers soft serve too... but this place is way better... mmm

While on one of my many Disney adventures my friends and I decided to try Catch-a-Flave. Through our sources we heard that the root beer floats were amazing. I have to say they were right. I mean you can't really mess up a root beer float. But they use soft serve instead of regular ice cream. I think that is what made the float taste even better. You can also choose from a variety of soda flavors but I went with the good ole root float. 


I recommend trying it if your in the park and need a refreshing drink.

Was walking around California Adventure yesterday and kept seeing cones full of soft serve ice cream everywhere I went... 

All I have to say now is damn you CA Adventure! Because sure enough, I went and got myself a cone of the vanilla and now it is ALL i can think about!

Best soft serve I've had in a LONG time if not ever...
And if I realize it is in fact the best I've ever had I will update my rating to 5 stars...

So, my friend wanted an Ice Cream and wanted it from Catch a Flave. With eight soft serve flavors to choose from, my choice didn't come quickly. After a few minutes contemplating which non-standard flavor to get, I selected grape. I don't know how they added the purple grape flavor swirl to it, I guess it doesn't really matter, it tasted good. The chocolate that my friend got also taste good, ya know, like the taste of Hershey's chocolate syrup, yum! 

Though it was a twenty minute wait in line, to me, it was worth it. Next time in California Adventure, I'll stop by again for another Flave.

My friend was raving about this place and the assortment of flavors they had. Sadly, when I arrived there were only 3 to choose from: chocolate, vanilla, and swirl. I opted for the swirl and the "regular" more than filled me up. I was ice creamed out by the end of my dessert...but I'll give props to the creamy and milky taste...even though (like another reviewer stated) you can probably get it at the local DQ.

Catch a flave used to be exceptionally good with the vast options to swirl in one of a good sized list of flavors, creating not only a delicious -- but also visually pleasing dessert.

 Snap back to reality where they no longer serve these taste concoctions, your only options are vanilla, chocolate, or the awe inspiring flavor miracle of the swirl. Sarcasm aside its still pretty good as far as soft serve is concerned. Price isn't terrible considering the fact that its in a theme park. However the last time I was passing by it was boarded up with construction walls so we will see if it returns and in what form.

Just to let you know, this place opens between 11:30 am and 12pm. I thought it might be helpful because Wilmar and I went here at 10:30 and 11:15 and it still wasn't open :( So we waited a few more minutes to be satisfied :) 

This yogurt is still the BEST and everyone NEEDS to try it :)

YUMM!! might as well get the large since its only 50 cents more! I got the vanilla and wow it was like cream. Very thick and rich. Got to get it in a cone.

They got rid of the swirl flavors. Now all they serve is vanilla soft serve ice cream, chocolate soft serve ice cream, and a "swirl" (combination of the two). You seriously may as well go to McDonald's. It's cheaper. This is way too expensive for being as bland as it is.

(I always used to go for the butter pecan swirl, but once again--the flavor swirls are gone. It sucks).

Bastards!!! They took away the one thing at California Adventure that was reasonably priced and delicious!!! I waited in line, asked for my butter pecan, and was told (in a nice way) sorry but they changed the machines. Now, it's dairy queen status.

Being a former cast member that worked at Catch a Flave, I can still give this place five stars. =) Definitely not the most exciting place to work during the winter, but MAN is it good! 

The prices are very decent considering you're in Disneyland. They usually swirl you up more product than they're supposed to, so the sizes are good, too. 

It's vanilla soft serve ice cream with a flavored syrup swirled along the edges (look at the pictures and you'll figure it out). You can get plain vanilla or vanilla plus one flavor: chocolate, strawberry, butter pecan, lemon, orange, grape, bubble gum, or cotton candy. Butter pecan tastes like caramel. Orange tastes like a 50/50 bar. Cotton Candy tastes like Lucky Charms marshmallows. The rest are very true-to-name. Don't ask for two flavors because they just can't do it (unless it's in a cup, but they probably still wouldn't do it... my favorite was always grape and bubble gum). The floats are any of the soft drinks plus the ice cream. Usually it's just vanilla, but I had a few people order Sprite with strawberry or orange and they all raved about it. If you ever have a friend that works there, try a bit of the vanilla in a coffee. The best thing ever! 

It opens later than the rest of the park since it isn't profitable to have open that early. It closes when it rains. And on rare occasions, the two machines may be temperamental and it will be closed all day. Trust me, it is NOT easy to fix or clean those machines. It's messy, it takes hours, and you go home smelling like edible lubricant. But without those machines, they can only sell drinks. 

It's Disney, so it's always clean. Service is usually very friendly. There is not really any nearby seating, but it's ice cream. Super portable! Accepts credit. No passholder discounts.

Eliminating two stars because there are now only two flavors, chocolate, and vanilla. The people in the window fed me some nonsense about how the machines were always breaking, and the new ones do not allow for multiple flavors.  Well, only two flavors does not allow me to be happy. 

Still keeping the three stars because, even with just chocolate, it's damn good Ice cream.

I LOVE THIS STUFF. Not only is the soft serve amazing, but it's not so expensive for Disney standards. The soft serve does NOT taste like regular ice cream. It's kind of frosting, whipped cream, marshmallow texture. But it is just amazing. I love it, the portions are pretty large too! The swirl is my order of choice! :) It's a must-go place for California Adventure! I'd recommend this for everyoneeee!

If you want delicious, flavorful, unique ice cream then don't come to this place! It serves mediocre, expensive vanilla and chocolate soft serve that you can get at dairy queens for cheaper. 

This place sucks! BRING BACK THE SWIRLS!!!!! or I'm not coming back

catch a flave is one of the few things i liked about california adventure. a few rides make it great. catch a flave makes it awesome. 

make sure you swing by later in the day or you just may miss out. they are closed early in the day so head back in the afternoon. no matter what you eat save room for a soft serve. you could get the boring vanilla or chocolate but be adventurous and try something new. cotton candy, orange, lemon, butter pecan, and bubblegum are where it's at. orange reminds me of the 50/50 bars of the past. bubble gum takes me back to when i had bubblegum in my ice cream as a kid. get really crazy and mix and match. try a float with your favorite soda and soft serve flavor and take it up a notch. 

we have a classic drive-thru dairy here in pleasanton where i live and i need to tell them about this concept. they at least need to try some special cones every now and then. i need this because the drive to california adventure is pretty far for me.

This is another "restaurant" that you can only eat at once you pay the price of a Disney admission. It is located Just west of the roller coaster at the California Adventure theme park. 

They serve vanilla soft serve ice cream with your choice of less than ten flavors that can be infused. I have seen this sort of soft serve with flavoring available all over the northeast, primarily in Vermont and New Hampshire where it appears quite popular. 

Like most of the northeast variants of soft serve that I have tasted, this one is good but quite generic (most of them are nearly indistinguishable). It is much better than the soft serve available at most salad bars (much creamier). The flavors that I tried here were not as good at those that I have tried in other locations. Each of the flavors only loosely resembled what it was supposed to taste like (cotton candy, strawberry and chocolate) and really was more like a sweet sauce. It was not swirled through the ice cream as thoroughly as I have seen in other places and unfortunately as the outer layer of the ice cream melted, the flavor seemed to run off of the ice cream to create a sort of sweet syrup in the bowl. 

If you want this kind of soft serve and happen to be at Disney, this is a good bet, better then the Dreyers ice cream that is scooped elsewhere in the park. Unfortunately, while the ice cream itself is pretty good, the flavorings are not, leaving your really with one flavor choice, a fair to good vanilla and a lot of attempts to infuse additional flavors. While the prices are characteristically high (Disney) you do get a good portion when ordering a large.

Sarina W. recommended this place to my bf and I and we are hooked! Creamy, rich, but not too heavy. We've tried the orange, chocolate, and strawberry. I think my favorite is chocolate, then strawberry. 

Generous portions, I think it was under $4.

Watch out, sometimes they run out of the "flaves."

I LOVE Catch-a-Flave!  You cannot go wrong with vanilla soft serve swirled with the flavor of your choice.  I get strawberry when I'm not feeling adventurous...but the cotton candy, orange, and grape flavors are also to die for.  The sizes are not skimpy.  The regular is a good size for me, because I cannot finish the large.  It is the perfec thing to have on a hot day, but I get them on cold days too.  If you're not feeling like a soft serve ice cream, try their Floats (rootbeer, coke, orange, etc), they're very good as well.

Wait a minute.. they used to have flavors besides vanilla and chocolate!? I wish they didn't change it! I came here last weekend and the only choices were vanilla, chocolate, or swirl.. which isn't too bad but still, the other flavors sound so much better! 

This is probably just the same type of soft serve that you can get at Mcdonald's for 99 cents, but for Disneyland CA Adventures, $2.99 is actually a really good deal. I ordered the swirl!

I will definitely be coming back again the next time I'm craving something sweet and frozen.

What an amazing concept!  Vanilla soft serve with flavoring swirled with it!

My orange cone looked like bright orange Puma sneakers and tasted like what Creamsicle would taste like if it were soft serve.

If their catch-a-flave cone isn't proprietary, I hope someone will open up a stand somewhere nearby and sell these delicious cones of love.

YEAH BOYYYYYYYY!

root beer float. best soft serve ever!! :) seriously best soft serve ever!!!! :)

This WAS the best part of visiting California Adventure. WHY OH WHY did you have to change it?!?!?! I want strawberry swirl. Disney is supposed to do things that are different and innovative. Why vanilla and chocolate? PLEASE I BEG YOU TO BRING IT BACK!

Convenient and yummy soft serve. Just go up to the window and order. you can even add some flavor to your yogurt. I liked the strawberry better than the grape. They give you a lot, so share and just be warned, they melt fast!

If you're coming to California Adventure, you have to try the ice cream. My favorite is the root beer float--it's a combination of two of my favorites. The vanilla ice cream is creamy and rich. Usually there's a long line but it's definitely worth the wait. The flavors speak for itself!

Orange swirl cone for $3.49. Very tasty, and huge portions.  The downside: This place is in direct sunlight all day long. I feel sorry for the girls who work inside.  The line to get a cone was about 15 minutes.  On the plus side, the line was 45 minutes shorter than the nearby rides.

The soft serve ice cream here is pretty good! Especially after walking around for endless miles in the baking heat!

I used to own an annual pass and ALWAYS made an effort to pick up a "swirly". I usually got the vanilla laced with chocolate but I recently went to California Adventure and the vendor told me that they no longer serve the unique ice cream swirls due to the constant break down of the machines. They still have soft serve in flavors of vanilla, chocolate, the combo of the two, and root bear floats. Didn't want to try it. It wouldn't have been the same. My heart got broken that day. The "swirlys" will always be a 5.

Please oh please bring back my love.

D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S...

We come here every time we go to Disneyland...Its one of the better Ice Cream places they have at the park.   Better tasting and better value...A large cup or cone is $3.29 yes its soft serve, but its delicious...  They have about several flavors that they swirl into vanilla ice cream.  Chocolate, strawberry, orange, lemon, bubble gum, cotton candy, and a few a other.  

The root beer float is YUM too...WOW...I could use one of those right about NOW!!!  My fiance wanted an orange soda root beer float and of course magic DISNEY made it happen as long as you ask!!! LOL

Such a magical place for ice cream and dreams!

So my review will be a bit biased since l was part of the opening crew who worked at this location. l truly believe this place is haunted and that damn machine will always hurt you in unimaginable ways when you least expect it!

To clarify from reading various reviews on here.. Catch a Flave serves soft serve ICE CREAM, not yogurt! And it's definitely not healthy.. in fact l used to get some perverse pleasure out of telling people on diets that the soft serve mix we used is actually 10% butter fat :)  Too rich for my liking, l could only ever eat a couple spoonfulls at a time before l started to feel sick.

As for the flavors, this is how l would always explain it to ppl who haven't tried it before :
vanilla, chocolate and strawberry are pretty much standard
butter pecan tastes kinda like caramel popcorn
grape : dimetapp medicine
bubble gum : dental flouride (l used to think just regular bubble gum until this kid mentioned it.. and now that's all l taste)
orange : creamsicle, 50/50 bar
lemon : surprisingly refreshing, kinda like a creamy version of lemon starburst
cotton candy (my favorite!) : lucky charms marshmellows

And please, do me a favor.. if you order a root beer float, DO NOT shove your straw into the ice cream if you are not ready to immediately start drinking to avoid spillage!!

Ah soft serve! My favorite type of ice cream. Yes I went with the classic a regular vanilla cone. But so perfect for the day. Hubby got a large, too much for him. The large is huge! But looks cool that so much soft serve can stay on a cone! Delicious!

Best ice cream spot in California Adventure and all of Disneyland.  For about $3 you can't go wrong, especially when every ice cream stand is waiting to rip you off.  Sad thing about Catch-a-Flave is that they no longer serve their flavor swirls.  I really digged the orange swirl too, for that I have to deduct 1 star.  I hate frowning at Disneyland :(

I don't think I have ever seen ice cream like this before, which is what got my attention.  I tried a cone with butter pecan swirled in it, and it was super yummy, I wish I had got a large instead!  The ice cream is rich and creamy and the price is cheap, especially for a theme park.  

Whenever I am in DCA I always make it a point to get a cone.  I have a pass, and usually visit during the week, when it's not so crowded.  But this is the bad part about it, sometimes it's closed.  I have gone 2 different times and was totally looking forward to getting my fix!  So if you are there during the week this may be the case.

A root beer float from Catch a Flave is hands down my favorite thing to eat at Disneyand! Nothing, and I mean nothing, surpasses the glorious feeling I get in my soul when this sweet concoction hits my lips on a stifling day at DCA. Perfection!

Pretty good soft serve, ESPECIALLY on a hot day!! About 3 dollars for the regular sized cup of chocolate, vanilla or a combination of both. One more dollar will get you the large (it's freakin huge!!). They also serve it topped high in a cone or swirled atop soda (soft serve floats...Mmmmm). The ice cream is super thick and creamy. The flavor is eh ... The chocolate kind of tasted like vanilla (too much cream, not enough cocoa?) But the cold treat is a nice escape from the SoCal heat.

Catch a Flave has THE best ice cream.  Or, I should say, HAD the best ice cream.  Catch a Flave, sadly, is no more.  It's now called Paradise Pier Ice Cream, and now serves boring, generic soft-serve chocolate and vanilla.

Disney takes away everything that's good and right with the world.  I suppose the Dole Whips are next.

Yay! Ice cream!! I used to get this type of ice cream all the time at a mall back in Port Huron, MI and freaked out seeing it at Disney's California Adventure. So I had to order some, duh..I got a large cotton candy cone. Let me tell you, when they mean, large, it is large. For $3.50 it is worth it, though, I mean you get a lot. The thing with this ice cream is that it is vanilla soft serve but then you get a flavor swirled along the edges, so it gives the ice cream just an extra hint of delicious flavor. There are a few options to choose from including grape, lemon, strawberry, chocolate, butter pecan, bubblegum, and orange. I wish I could have enjoyed/savored it longer, but it was so good, and standing on the pier in the sunlight, it was starting to melt  so I had to kind of wolf it down, which wasn't a problem.. So next time you're at DCA make sure to catch a flave or two!

Everytime I go to DCA I always wanna check out this place. They have tons of flavors. It's basically soft service ice cream. It's so yummy!  They have various flavors mixed with vanilla such as: orange, chocolate, lemon, bublegum, etc.

OMG...this is the ONLY place that you can order a root beer float. I've looked everywhere and this is a must for that afterglow from riding the California Screamin' ...I don't suggest anyone eat these ice cold treats before getting on anything that rocks...you're just asking for a vomit fest.

You can choose a variety of flavors for your float and it comes thick and creamy. On hot days, this place is a god send. On the other hand, at low season (like after New year's) this place is closed, which sucks...cause ice cream is ice cream...OPEN IT, DARN YA!!! (shakes fist).

Grab a coke float (yummy soft-serve) and then get in line for Midway Mania...it's insania!  I have too much fun at Disneyland/California Adventure :-)

Yummo! Lemon swirled soft serve ice cream.  Who would have thought it.  Lemon and Ice Cream at the same time.  Tasty, tart, and delicious!  How do they get that swirl on there like that!  A lot of great flavors swirled on the ice cream.  Simply Gosh Darn Good!

Got the vanilla swirled with butter pecan. It  was nice to have bites of both vanilla and vanilla w/ butter pecan, so you aren't overwhelmed by your choice of flavor. I haven't tried any of the other flavors, and it's hit or miss if this Catch-a-Flave stand is open, but if it is do yourself a flavor and get yourself a soft serve from this place. Its big enough to share if you aren't a big sweet tooth like me.

What a pleasant surprise - a cheap, tasty ice cream experience unlike any other.  I got the root beer float.  They make it with Barq's and their creamy soft serve.  It was frothy and not overly sweet - I think because their ice cream is under-sweetened to save room for the flavor swirls.  My husband had the strawberry swirl and he couldn't stop saying how great it was (and he's not even a dessert person).  My float was only $3 and change and his was inexpensive as well.  I think next time I'll try the butter pecan. yummm....

it was 5 stars until they changed the machines so now its just vanilla and chocolate.

This is the only place to get soft serve at the Disneyland Resort. Yeah, the only place. I definitely recommend the orange-vanilla swirl-- it tastes like a 50-50 bar and is heavenly. I also like the cotton candy-vanilla swirl. Actually I like any swirl. Yumm. Seriously, one of my favorite places at the Disneyland Resort. And cheap! Under $3!

Yum! I am feeling this place. The flavor of the swirl goes through the ice cream. YES! Cotton Candy is good...

So I had to check this place out last week from the reviews....and it was alright. Nothing to get goosebumps over. Yes, the soft serve is creamy and the butter pecan flavor was pretty good, but after eating a handful of spoons, it was just waayyy to rich and thick for me. Got really gloppy in the hot sun real fast. I couldn't even finish it and I am the queen of soft serves! But can you believe I'd much rather eat a Mickey D's soft serve over a Mickey M's soft serve??!? I love you Mickey but you got ousted on this one. ;(   4 stars though for ease of location, friendly service and good theme park prices.

Some history about my obsession with this place...

June 2001 - I head to Hawaii with a couple friends over the summer.  While most people indulge in ice cream when it's 70+ degrees outside, I think ice cream is a sweet thing that should be celebrated at any temperature, but even moreso in the hotter months.  Being that we were in Hawaii mid-June, we dropped into the nearest place that sold ice cream - Mickey D's.  However, it wasn't just any ordinary soft serve at this Mickey D's - it was a new kind of soft serve that came with different flavored syrups!  AND, it wasn't just the boring plop of syrup on top of the ice cream (I HATE HATE that because then you only get the syrup for the first couple bites) - the machine dispensed swirls of syrupy goodness as it dispensed the ice cream as well so the syrup was literally swirled throughout the ice cream... you get ice cream + syrup in your first bite and the same flavor for the last bite too!  "Mickey D's," I thought, "You genius, you."  Needless to say, I had a soft serve cone almost every day there...

June 2001 (one week later) - I drop into the nearest McDonald's to my place to order the syrup-infused soft serve cone and what do I find... IT DOESN'T EXIST??  Was it some special one week deal??  Was it only to be found in Hawaii??  How could something so sweet be taken from me just like that????  I cried myself to sleep that night (okay, maybe I didn't cry, but my tummy sure grumbled like hell going through withdrawals)

Circa 2002 - On the way to Vegas, we make a pit stop at the McDonald's that looks like a train station (I'm guessing Barstow?)... AND THE ICE CREAM IS ON THE MENU!!!  "YES!  They brought it to California finally" I thought.  Turns out, I thought wrong.  Still no sign of that syrup-infused soft serve at any of the local Mickey D's near my home.

Summer 2003 - Family from out of town comes and visits, so we make the trip to obligatory trip to Disneyland and DCA (all of our first times to this park)... and alas, the cone is found for the third time at Catch-A-Flave.

And so the butter pecan-infused soft serve and I lived happily ever after.

That was a helluva long story, I know, but I can't tell you the joy I have over this place.  This place, Tower of Terror, and Buzz Lightyear are the main reasons I have an annual pass.  It would be blasphemous if you went to DCA without stopping by Catch-A-Flave.  Blasphemous I tell you!!

I didn't know how I would like the flavors swirled in so I decided to get a root beer float and I must say that it was mighty damn good. Barq's root beer (my favorite root beer by the way) and vanilla soft serve ice cream, its a pretty good combination considering that I don't like Vanilla Ice cream.

I love catch a flave... one taste and your hooked... any flavor... they use this spiral lacing with flavor that I've read isn't used in too many frozen yogurt places.... Everytime in DCA Catch a flave is a must...

Located next to the Avalon Cove in Disney's California Adventure theme park, Catch a Flave is one of the best places that I've ever had a soft serve at. Get the traditional vanilla soft serve or if you're feeling adventurous get one with a swirl of flavor. Choose from a variety of swirl flavors such as grape, cotton candy, grape, orange, chocolate, butter pecan, bubblegum, strawberry, and more. The prices aren't as frightening as you'd expect being it's in Disneyland. Prices start at $2.49.

catch a flave is soooooo yummy.......

gotta have the bubble gum ice cream and relive my childhood days........

and its cheap too!!

Bubble soft serve ice cream...what else can you ask for?  My office was right next to this place all summer in 2005 and it was a dangerous palce to be working....if your going to DCA on a hot day, you have to stop for either a root beer float or an ice cream cone.

The only place in LA/OC county where I could find flavoured soft serves. Still looking for other places having variety of soft serves.

