George (our driver) was so great. I was lucky enough to enjoy the ride on this incredible party bus and it was epic. There were 21 of us in our group and we had room for more. It was such a great way to make our pub crawl safe and easy. George was so friendly, accommodating and not at all judgmental, lets be real 21 ladies who have been drinking all night can get a little wild.  The sound system was great and the poles made it super fun to dance with each other as we hit the town. 

There was even an extra area in the back for those of us who needed to call it a night earlier then others. I tend to get carsick so the seats in the back were the spot for me after a night of drinking. (hey i am nothing if not honest in my reviews)

I totally recommend giving these guys a call for your next party they hit it out of the park.

Used PBG for an all women's Christmas pub crawl and they were great. Adam was awesome with communication, which made the bus easy to reserve, as well as a manageable deposit. George was very mellow and low key, easy going and flexible with our needs. He was very punctual and drove safely. I would absolutely use these guys again, everyone loved the bus and service provided. 

The only "negative" I really have would be that the bus stunk of old beer, so maybe advise a more thorough cleaning. However, it's a party bus, so I get that it's gonna get "well partied" in. 

Definitely use these guys if you're looking for a great experience.

Awesome driver and easy to make reservations. We asked for a 5:30 pickup though and weren't picked up till around 6:20 so some reservations were ruined. Overall great ride though and bus was amazing.

Everything went very well and my driver was extremely accommodating. I called and text  weeks and days before the reservation, and George was very helpful with responding quickly due to the fact that I was indecisive with my destinations. I am definitely booking with this company again

I had booked the party bus group for my wedding this past weekend. Adam was very helpful and the price is very reasonable. Unfortunately I have to give 4 starts and not 5 because the bus we had reserved for our wedding was not available as it was in a collision that occurred the weekend prior. Due to the extent of the damages from the collision, our bus was not going to be available for our wedding. Adam found us another alternate bus from a different company. And it was very spacious and we did not have to pay for any additional fees. The only complaint was that it was a little beat up inside and out dated. I really appreciate Adam doing the best he could and his professionalism exceeded my expectations. I would highly recommended the Party Bus Group to friends and family. I just wished we got to experience the bus we had reserved but I've learned weddings never go according to plan and things just happen and you need to accept to just go with it. Overall the alternate bus arrived on time and had enough room for my party! Thank you Adam for everything!

Party Bus group was awesome! I hired them for an event I put together in Newport Beach. They transported 150 of us from the Hyatt Newport Beach to our annual banquet on the Horn Blowers Yacht. George was so responsive and easy to work with. They were on time and really affordable. George even took a group to the peninsula after our banquet was over because they wanted to continue the fun at Sharkeez. I put this event together every year and will definitely be using them again next year. Thanks for everything!

Party bus was huge, lighter were amazing, and speakers were loud and clear. Took the party bus all the way to the Reef, ride was very smooth. 10/10 would recommend!!!!!

I rented the party bus for a group of high school parents to go to a football game. I'm now the popular party mom that everyone is still praising for an awesome experience. The dad's can't remember when they had a better time. They took over the VIP lounge in the bus and went crazy. Service was perfect. Our driver George was great and prompt. I will be using them again for sure.

Went on an adventure with some of my lady friends. George our driver was awesome. He kept us safe and got us to where we wanted to go and when we wanted to be picked up he was there quickly. I appreciate his courtesy and lack of judginess.  Thanks for a great time. Would definitely do it again

I've had multiple bus renting issues in the past so I was skeptical about renting another bus. Adam and driver Anthony were great, the whole experience went without any issues. The communication was great and the price I paid for the bus was a rediculous deal. Sound system was awesome!
I will have no problem recommending this professional business to any who need a party bus.

My future husband and I rented a party bus for our dual bachelor/ bachelorette party last night!!! The bus was so nice and well maintained. There was so much room everyone was very comfortable with their lovely AC on full blast! Our driver Ryan was very outgoing and professional. He was punctual which was a huge plus!!We all had a blast and will forsure use them again. 

If I could give more than 5 star rating I totally would!!!

The overall experience was fast and easy. Adam called me and gave a quote over the phone within minutes. You would be silly to go anywhere else!!!

Thank you Adam and Ryan!

The driver george was super chill and nice. My friends and I had so much fun that nice. I loved the comfortable seats and the mellow lights.

Had a great time on the Party bus. Adam helped all the way with the booking and Anthony was a great driver!

George was such an amazing driver. I recently went on an adventure with a group of my friends and was professional, and on time. The bus was clean and very fun. I would absolutely use the services again.

We used Party Bus Group to transport 30 teens to and from their high school formal.  Adam and George were great -very helpful and responsive.  As this was my first time hiring a bus, Adam walked me through everything and helped me choose the right bus size.  Tim, our driver, picked up and dropped off right on time and even spoke to the kids before leaving about being responsible, rules and expectations.  The kids had a great time and we will definitely use PBG again.

This company has AMAZING customer service. I booked the bus for prom very last minute and there were many complications that came up but Adam, the coordinator, helped adjust and adapt to these complications. I was given his phone number in case I had any questions which made it very easy to contact the company. At first, I booked a 50 passenger regular bus due to none other being available, but when another group had cancelled their flagship bus, Adam contacted me to see if I wanted to upgrade! We agreed and the Flagship bus was absolutely gorgeous and decorative. 

One of the major setbacks about my time with this company was that on the day of my prom, the flagship bus was pulled over by the CHP and was delayed to pick up at least 1 hour. However, Adam contacted me as soon as he found out and called me every 15 minutes to update me on the situation. He also provided a generous discount that greatly benefitted us high school students on a budget. Despite this unlucky occurrence, I would definitely recommend due to amazing customer service. 10/10

I had a birthday party last Friday! IT WAS REALLY GREAT!!!!!
This company is fantastic, I am definitely hiring them for my next event.  Adam, the manager, is really nice coordinator and help me with the route. Thew driver Ryan is really great! He help me with everything . Ryan was  on time,  very organized, very friendly, and a good driver! I really enjoyed my party!
 Thank you Ryan!
Thank you Adam!!!
 I will book the bus again for sure!!

I booked a couple events with Adam &amp; he was extremely helpful!  One was a last minute requests &amp; he was able to make it work.  Both drivers of each of our events were wonderful.  Pricing is also very competitive.  I highly recommend!

I HAVE GOT TO SAY... I can't waittt to have a reason to party with Party Bus Group again! 
It was The Best night I ever had, and I know all my family and friends can agree! Not only was Ryan on time, organized, very friendly, but he was also a great driver! I've had some crazy party bus drivers but this company just ACED it! 

The inside is so spacious, luxurious, and fun!!
We can kinda say we had more fun inside the bus than at the club because we had everything we needed and wanted and it was mobile! 

Anyways, this is "the spot", and I'm calling soon again for my wedding celebration!! I hope you're ready for us Ryan! :D

We rented the party bus for a sweet sixteen party.  The bus was super clean. The kids had a great time dancing while driving to Newport Beach for dinner.  Anthony the driver was very professional and an extremely safe driver.  I would definitely recommend this company.  They are professional from start to finish!  Adam made booking the party bus very easy! 
Thanks PartyBus Group!

Adam! Boy o' boy is he a one man army of information! He is very professional, very understanding, and honors his original quote throughout the entire process. He helped me book the 50 passenger party bus for an event and was very quick to respond with updates and answers to my questions. The party bus was immaculate and the driver George was very very good in handling the transportation there as well as keeping us on track. Thank you guys for the wonderful night from all of us.

NOTE: I did not end up using the Party Bus Group but wanted to report on their services regardless.

I wanted to rent a 30 passenger bus to surprise my husband with a brewery tour for his 30th birthday. After researching extensively, I ultimately decided to choose the Party Bus Group. Their prices and the quality of their buses, along with their stellar yelp reviews, convinced me that they would be the best bang for our buck.

Adam was by far the easiest, most accommodating and personable rep I talked to. We wanted a bus for 6 hours during a Saturday afternoon. Since he had a booking for the evening and we were willing to work around his time schedule, he offered us an awesome price break.

The week of the booking, however, Adam reached out to me with bad news. The bus we had scheduled to rent was out with a mechanical error. Due to things outside of his control, he wasn't expecting it to be back up and operational until the following week. You can imagine my immediate panic.

Luckily, Adam is an absolute professional and had already negotiated with another transportation company to take over our charter at the same discounted price he had worked out for us. I cannot thank Adam enough for making sure we were taken care of. What could have been a disaster and an absolute nightmare for me was resolved before I even had a chance to process what was going on haha

In the future, I will absolutely book with the Party Bus Group.

I love these busses! Adam made it quick and easy to get a bus and was very accommodating. 
The bus we had was very clean and the sound system was amazing! Our driver was really cool and handled all of us very professionally. I definitely recommend using this company for any occasion!

Used PartyBus Group for my daughters sweet 16. I also rented out a party room with a dance floor, extra lounging rooms and a DJ/MC. The bus was parked right outside of the party room and the kids spent most of their time on the bus. I even had a few kids tell me that I could have just rented the PartyBus and it still would have been great. Adam was our driver. He was awesome with the kids. He even took pics with them at the end. Would definitely recommend, great communication!

We had a blast on the Party Bus for my twin daughters' sweet 16 birthday party.  The laser lights and sound system were fantastic.  The girls danced the whole way home to their favorite tunes.  Our driver, Ryan, was punctual and happy to be flexible to meet our guests' needs.  I would highly recommend the Party Bus Group

I rented the party bus for 26 people to celebrate my birthday and I had an awesome experience.  Adam made the process easy and simple for me. The bus was a brand new 2016 clean and perfect. My Driver Anthony  arrived on time and made my night go smooth. I will defenetly be contacting them for next time :)

The party bus group serviced my wedding. They were on time and reasonably priced. Even pulled over to let us refuel at a liquor store on the way back to the hotel after the reception. Bus was clean and dope.  Highly recommend.

Party Bus Group helped me pull off the perfect birthday surprise for my boyfriend.  From the initial stage of emailing my inquiry, to speaking with Adam and planning the night of pick-ups and destinations, to our driver Anthony.  The brand new party bus was amazing inside and perfectly fit our large party. The party bus has everything you need including party lights, stand alone bar with ice chests, and the ability to play music.  
A great highlight to a night of celebrating with friends.  I can't wait to use them again and will continue to refer them to friends.
Thanks Party Bus Group!!!!

They were timely and the driver was very nice. The owner was easy to get a hold of and quickly responded to all my questions. 30 college kids had a great time!!!

The Party Bus Group was a pleasure to work with. Very friendly, helpful and attentive. They took great care of us and worked with us on a tight budget. We will definitely be booking our new party bus with them.

We called several party bus places for my daughter's 13th birthday party, and PartyBus Group was amazing to work with. Other places I've called did not respond as fast and weren't as nice. Adam gave us a quote immediately, and he was super nice and professional. He quickly responded to all my questions, phone calls and texts. Adam sent over our reservation forms within an hour after I told him we would like to book a bus. His pricing is very competitive and reasonable. We originally booked their new black classic party bus, but we upgraded to their RV at no extra charge. Luckily, we were given the RV since we reached over capacity (had 33 kids) for the previous bus. The RV was super clean, like new. Anthony, our driver, was the sweetest!!! You must have him as your driver! He showed up early to pick up the kids. Anthony is super patient, very friendly, and easy to talk with, and he will do his best to accommodate your timeline. Our party was running way behind schedule, and he was willing to stay later so we can finish up the party before taking all the kids back to our final destination. PartyBus Group is your go-to place for party bus rentals. Don't call any one else but them! Adam will not let you down!

I can confidently say that I was very satisfied with the services of Party Bus Group. The manager, Adam, was very accommodating and our driver for the night, Ryan, was cheerful and nice. He picked us up on time and was also accommodating in taking us wherever we wanted to go. The party bus itself was also great! Great sound system, lights, and mini bar. I was very satisfied and would highly recommend Party Bus Group. Also recommend the promotor/club service they offer!

Awesome office outing on this party bus to a Dodger game.  Highly recommend and will definitely use again.

This company is fantastic, I am definitely hiring them for my next event. The driver Ryan and Adam the coordinator were both extremely professional, reliable and very accommodating.
The night before, we had to make some itinerary changes and Adam was very, very patient and went above and beyond to meet our requests.  
I hired a large party bus for 50 teenagers that included my son and no adult supervision besides the driver. I cannot say enough good things about this company's amazing customer service. The itinerary was a bit complicated  but Ryan was wonderful, very responsible and kept me updated about their route the entire evening.  The bus was beautiful and clean, the sound system was great. Once my son came home, he realized that he had forgotten his jacket on the bus, Ryan was so nice and FedEx'ed it to us.
The whole experience went smoothly from start to finish! 
Thank you Party Bus Group, you guys are wonderful!

This bus was just amazing for my 21st, I would highly recommend it to everyone , great prices then any other bus. I had an amazing night. Ryan was a great chill driver , Adam was great with booking our bus. Def. going to get this bus again 

Thank you Adam for the wonderful customer service that you have given us !

I rented there 50 passenger vip party bus for my husbands birthday. The bus was spectacular l, the price was decent/affordable compare to other companies I got quotes from, &amp; the driver was amazing. He was very down to earth &amp; I would rent another party bus from them again! Highly recommended!

Everything was excellent about my experience. 

I used PartyBus Group to transport the wedding party for my own wedding and I could not have been happier. 

After doing a lot of research on party buses and shuttle options, I decided to go with PartyBus Group because of my dealings with the Company (through Adam) and the experience that was described to me through their website and pictures. 

First, dealing was Adam was such a relief, especially after dealing with some of the characters answering the phone at other party bus companies.  Adam was responsive, polite, honest, straightforward and accommodating whereas many of the other companies I had called had representatives that were aggressive, pushy, and unable to handle my requests.  Adam was also responsive through the day of my wedding, even helping to arrange additional beverages for the bus ride on the day of my wedding! I was comfortable calling him, texting him, or e-mailing him from the time we were inquiring through the end of the service.

Secondly, the bus itself (I reserved the large 50 passenger bus) was accurately displayed on the website and provided a ton of fun and excitement as we got on to the bus. I've ridden other buses where the AC was broken / weak, but this shuttle got cold like a refrigerator if we wanted - very important given we used it on a hot summer day in SoCal.  The music worked great (I lost count at the number of speakers on board), the seats were clean, the lights were fun and not overdone/tacky, the driver was friendly and accommodating (and on-time!), and the bus was spacious - there was even a separate "VIP" area in the larger bus. 

While I was skeptical at first about a relatively new Party Bus Company, this company far exceeded my expectations.  Aside from providing a new, clean, vehicle that was on-time, Adam was a pleasure to deal with, my guests were thoroughly entertained, and they were able to accommodate whatever unique request I had.  

Thank you, and I will be using them in the future.

Used this party bus for a friends birthday. The bus driver was super nice, the bus was really clean, and the prices are great! A nearly hour long bus ride seemed like it was 5 minutes. 

Would definitely use this again!

Booked a trip through Alan, and let me say this guy made my life easy. Planned my friends bachelor party and booked a bus out to Las Vegas. The driver was excellent, the process was simple and I will recommend them to everyone I know. We had over 18 people and as everybody knows coordination can be an issue. I had to call in an make a few adjustments and it was so easy.  I never felt like I was burdening them (even though I'm sure I was!). Once again call these guys if you need a bus!

Thankyou So Much PBG!!! for making my birthday memorable!!! We hired PBG to drive my party guest (48 people) to vegas last Friday and back home to LA on Sunday... They were extremely co-operative and very helpful!!!!!! Thx to Adam to co-ordinated everything and a big big big thx to the amazing Ryan who drove us crazy people to Vegas and back.  He was sooooooooooooooooooooooo friendly and helpful.
The Bus was clean and chic! All of my guests loved the drive there and back.  I will definitely recommend PBG to all my friends and family.
Once again A BIG THANKYOU TO THE PBG TEAM!!!

We used the Party Bus Group to transport our guests for a wedding shower on a Hornblower Yacht brunch cruise. Adam and his team were great.  Everyone really enjoyed the time spent in the party bus.  Professional, organized, and very friendly service.  Highly recommended!

I have attended and tried various party busses and limos and I have to say this is my favorite and most luxurious and FUN experience.  The event and the deals they have by far are the best.  I realized I end saving a lot of money going with the Party Bus to the best night clubs in Hollywood. Not only you avoid paying the entrance fees for the club, but you also have a vip entrance line!! Not to mention the vibes, the music and the party spirit in the bus which gets you pumped up for the whole night.  I would defiantly recommend anyone in the area to try at least one of their crazy nights.  ......... Take it from a party animal who knows whats a crazy party is like !!!

I had a vow renewal july 1st  and since the day I booked the bus Adam was great . Very help full. The day of my event the driver Ryan was on time and made sure it was all ready for us. Having kids on the bus for half of the party to the beach it was a smooth ride. All we did was give him an address and he made sure we got there.  Having the bus from 5pm to 2 am he brought my guest back and children to the pick up location,till we left off to enjoy the evening.  All my guest had a blast from my daughter asking me if she can have a bus for her 9th bday .. every thing was perfect from the sound system to the lights to making sure we had a great time out the dancing and all it was the best day ever.   If it was scale of 1-10 they get 10plus cant wait to have another reason to reserve it again.. even just to put in with all friends to go out instead of uber...

This was our company's first party bus experience and they delivered!  The driver was early for pick up and the bus itself had a great ambience with an amazing sound system and the lights added to the whole experience.  I definitely want to do this again and use the same company!

I cannot recommend this company highly enough. Adam coordinated transportation for my wedding and from the first correspondence when I booked the party bus and a limo a year in advance, to the day of the event everything was perfect. The drivers were courteous and on time. When my guests suddenly all wanted to leave early, the party bus was completely accommodating and even let us stay aboard and dance up until the time we had it rented for! Thanks again Adam for making my day so amazing!!

Look no further for a party bus company. After researching a handful of others, I reached out to Adam.  He was super helpful, made the process so easy and had exceptional customer service. Their prices were very affordable and the vehicle was AMAZING. We had the 50 person bus, and if you can get a group big enough, I would highly recommend it. By the second stop I couldn't get anyone off the bus. Our driver Ryan was very professional and easy to work with.  We were going through Hollywood in the rain and he handled it with complete ease. Any friends that weren't on the bus that night had major fomo and those who were are still talking about the experience weeks later.

Simply Wow. 
A little recap of my evening / experience : 

- Picked up on time. 
- Beautiful 50+ passenger bus  
- Night out ALL inclusive package included VIP entrance, table, even complimentary bottle service at one of Hollywood's most lavish clubs.
- Safe and fun ride home.
- Awesome &amp; accomadating driver.

I wish there were more stars I could give this company. PartyBus group Los Angeles is top notch, and simply can not be topped. Whether you're putting together a night around town, or any fun outing, I highly suggest you make one phone call to the good people at the #partybusgroup!

Disgusted  mom and heartbroken senior!!! We made the reservation 2 months in advance, get a call 3 weeks from the prom and are told the bus we rented broke down and can't be repaired in time for our reservation. They gave our deposit back and a couple names of other rental companies and expressed how sorry they were. Not good enough

I've had plenty of bad experiences with party bus companies in the past, with bus drivers demanding more money, buses showing up hours late etc. So understandably, I was a little reluctant to trust another service like this for a big Birthday Party group night. However, having shopped around to find the best price and then having spoken to Adam, I was ready to give PartyBus Group a shot.... and I'm really glad we did. 

- The bus showed up early and was ready to go ON TIME
- The driver was super cool. I wish I could remember his name but he helped us get the music and TV's going and was just a genuinely nice guy.
- The bus was much nicer than we had expected
- THE BATHROOM was clean, had a lock, and actually had a working/flushing toilet!
- THE AC actually worked too!!!!
- The bus driver was where he said he was going to be, on time again for pick up

All in all we were very satisfied with the whole experience. We ended up tipping the driver an extra 10% and will absolutely use this service again in the future! 

HIGHLY recommended

This is such a cool concept! I love it!  I could not believe that the inside of a bus could look like a club.
The owner is extremely friendly and accommodating. the booking process is super easy.  So if you need your own personal clean night club for the night, wedding, special event to go around town look no more!!! 

I can't wait to have an excuse to book this party bus.

Had a great time on the party bus for our corporate event in Newport Beach. We hired them for transportation 2 nights. Recommended!

I'd recommend hiring this bus for your desired party/outing.

I've been on it a few times for 2 different purposes.
One was a return trip to Hollywood which included entry to the club.
The other was a one-way trip to Las Vegas.

The bloke to chat to is Adam. He's accommodating, honest and funny guy. His prices are competitive and worth it!

The design of his party bus has a slice of sophistication and a snippet of 'Red Light District'. It has a very lounge-like feel with the lighting system throughout, the flat screen TVs and split room (a main room and back room- yes 2 rooms on the bus!).
I think this is what separates from the rest. It's a different experience, it's classy and the whole transaction from organising dates and being dropped off from my trip was smoother than almond butter smothered on a hot crumpet.

I called PartyBus Group two weeks before my event which was Winter Formal for 28 kids. Adam, who answered the phone, was extremely considerate and professional.  He answered all my questions, offered to match a competitor's price and gave me his cell number in case I had any additional questions.  On the day of the event, Ryan, the driver, pulled up in an upgraded bus gratis!! He also offered HIS cell number in case I had any questions or concerns during the evening. The bus that PartyBus Group provided was beautiful, clean, and very well-maintained.  I highly recommend this top notch company to everyone.  You will not be disappointed!

The wedding party and friends/family rented the 50' tour bus for my nieces bachelorette party. It was fabulous inside with lights and a jam min' sound system! Ryan was our friendly driver. It really was worth renting this bus because we enjoyed each other without the stress of driving, we got to know a lot of people even before the wedding day and we have lots of great one-of-a-kind memories!!

The company was very very helpful in helping me find what we wanted for a Prom bus. Adam, who organized the stuff for us, was very consistent and Ryan, our bus driver, was great and let us do our thing. The bus was most definitely one of the  highlights of prom night. And the bus was FABULOUS!

We booked the PartyBus Group for our wedding on 7/15/2016. Adam was our driver for the day. We coordinated the itinerary well in advance of our wedding day with Adam, shuttling our bridal party to various locations for pictures and events. Adam was flexible with slight deviations in our plan based on how the day was going and everything ended up flawlessly. We could not be more pleased with the quality of the bus itself. The buses were super clean and included plenty of ice for us to store drinks on board for our celebration after our wedding. In addition, the bus came loaded with ice cold bottled waters, cans of rockstar, and rockstar cups for us to use. The party bus was definitely one of the highlights of our wedding day as we were able hook up our phones to play some music and change the color of lighting inside. Also on a hot July day in LA, when half of the bridal party was wearing tuxes, we appreciated having the windows blacked out and AC on full blast to create a comfortable environment. We highly recommend the PartyBus Group for any of your future events!

Rented their largest bus for my 23rd birthday celebration &amp; had a great experience for the most part. Bus arrived on time for pickup no complaints and Adam was very helpful &amp; set me us up with a complimentary table &amp; bottle for the night at Sharkeez in Hermosa. Dealt with a few dissatisfying aspects-first: the air conditioning which broke within the first 10-15 minutes of our ride to Hermosa (uncontrollable) which also meant no AC on the way back (50 min ride one way). The aux system was a little difficult to work as there was no secure place to hold the phone so it kept coming unplugged but that was minor we got through it. When leaving the bar the bus was nowhere to be found &amp; had to contact the owner of the company to get the driver to come back to our location which took 10 mins which was the main frustration as we were crunched for time. All in all even with those different factors I had an extremely enjoyable night &amp; all my friends loved it as well. If I ever desire to use a party bus again I would use their service &amp; recommend it to others!

We used the Party Bus Group for a Del Mar race last Sunday and couldn't of been happier with the service! Our group of 25 decided to go for the VIP bus because of the onboard restroom and having a long journey from Long Beach. The bus itself was awesome and looked just like the pictures! It came fully stocked with waters, sodas, cups and all of the bar areas were full with ice to keep our alcohol nice and cold too. We brought along more drinks in a big foam cooler which we were able to store underneath the bus. While we were at the races our driver George cleaned up after us and restocked all the bar areas with the drinks we had brought for the return journey which was super nice of him! One thing I was worried about since it was a hot day was the AC and we were really happy the bus was cool as I've been on buses where it was broken or didn't work properly before and there's nothing worse! I would definitely recommend this company and will for sure be using them again!

We used this bus to go to a clubbing event in Hollywood and our driver Ryan was super organized and chill! He was really nice and was on time picking us up and dropping us off. Thanks again!

I want to thank Adam for giving us an awesome deal for our Valentine's wine tasting trip that my wife and I planned for our large group of friends. Our friends enjoyed the pre-game party upon our arrival to the winery. Beautiful luxury 50 passenger bus was clean and great sound system.

Also, a special shout out to our driver, Ryan, who was the best. He was there on time. After running out of alcohol, he went to buy us additional alcohol while doing our wine tasting. Without Ryan, this wine tasting trip wouldn't have been a success.  Thank you for your excellent customer service and punctuality!!!

We had a great time!! The bus had arrived at our location 20 minutes early and dropped us off right at our designated time! Adam was great, he always answered my calls and texts when I had questions. I can't wait to go again!!! Best prices in Southern California!! Thank you!

Unfortunately I didn't actually use their services because they were booked by the time I called back the following day but their prices are very reasonable. I felt the need to review because their customer service was amazing! Adam was great and took the time to answer all my questions and worked his hardest to make other arrangements for me. Woody was great too. Moral of the story is book it people! Don't wait! I will definitely be calling back the next time I get my party on

Used this party bus company recently for a night out  to Hollywood. There was 40+ in our party so we needed a big party bus. We went with the 50 passenger white bus and were super pleased. The bus was huge and clean with a bathroom which is a plus when your drinking on an hour journey. The person I spoke with about the price was super nice and worked with me on the price and it was the best deal I found for the length of time we had the bus. Inside the bus felt like we were in our own club with the drink, dancing and music made the journey from long beach to Hollywood seem so short. The driver was nice (make sure to tip) and I would definitely use this company again. :)

Adam is the guy I arranged the bus with. He is awesome to do business with and I will be calling him again. The party bus he sent was a club on wheels with it's own VIP area in the back. Having a bathroom was such a big plus. My co-workers and I were talking about using the bus for a future, longer trip out to Temecula for wine tasting or to SD for some fun. The driver was very experienced and a little early which was ok with us!!!! We barely felt the bus moving during our ride which was fantastic because no one spilled a drink. The bus was clean, had good air circulation, and was newer than some of the cheaper bus companies. Their rates were slightly higher than other companies, but it was worth it (even though the difference wasn't much.) You really get what you pay for.
The lights were good, sound system was nice (granted most of the time we were turning it down to hear one another talking,) and the driver was very professional. This company is a definite winner!!! We will be back, be ready for us to turn it up!

I hosted a launch party for a hand-crafted beer brewed by Benedictine monks from  Italy!  The party bus was the perfect setting. We traveled to three OC eateries for beer pairings and Ryan, our driver, was wonderful. Lots of parking, loading, unloading, and he was great about it. From my first contact with Adam to get an estimate, to the walk-through, to the day of event... He was professional and kept in touch throughout. The bus was clean and he supplied waters, sodas and cups which was helpful. Many of the guests (especially the two monks!) had not been on a party bus and they loved it! Thank you Adam. It was really great working with you.

Bus had great speakers and lights and lots of space! The driver was great and it was a smooth ride all the way to our destination.  Would definitely use this party bus service again.

I got too turnt on this bus! Everyone had a great time. If you want to turn up with your squad, this is the place to go! The sound system was on point  and everyone was turning up! What happens on the bus stays on the bus!

Adam the employee was very helpful with the process of getting the bus. The interior of the bus was super cool, would recommend it for any party/event you go to . Best party bus service I have ever had. I've booked them for 4years now and they have never disappointed .

A friend of my girlfriend ordered the a bus for their prom. They basically paid for enough hours to last til around 2 am. The bus driver was extremely rude and forced everyone on the bus at 6:15 pm and ditched two people who were only 10 minutes away and running a bit late due to construction and traffic in the area. As soon as we arrived to the place that the prom was being held at, he turned everything off and just said "Alright we're here get off." When the prom ended around 11 he made everyone get back on the bus immediately. One person was trying to get their stuff from their car so they can go back on the bus (this was one of the people who got left behind). The driver said "You better tell him to start running or im leaving his ass behind" and would have left if someone didnt pretend to get their dress stuck in the door. We went to In-n-out afterwards and some ordered and had gotten their food quickly and while others waited. It was around 11:40 at this time and the driver didnt let anyone finish and again forced everyone back on the bus. Again almost leaving a couple behind still waiting for their food he was really irritated asking us if they had just ordered and why they're taking so long. We got back to the house at around 12:30 and still had about another hour but he had us get off and get our stuff so he can leave. I was honestly close to throwing my unfinished meal at this guy and everyone on the bus agreed that I should have done it. I never got the drivers name but he was bald, slim and maybe his late twenties early thirties im not sure.

Just an overall awesome experience. Good drivers, arrived on time and left on time. I would definitely recommend to anybody looking for party busses

If you haven't rented from them then you're missing out!  We rented a party bus for a birthday party.  I found their site from Yelp then really thought their website compared to all the other party rental companies out there was very updated and relevant.  I was right!  They didn't have the bus available that I had wanted but Adam was more than accommodating!  His communication and willingness to help us make it work from a bus and budget standpoint was top notch!  He went above and beyond the week before our rental to make sure we will all good to go.  We rented the 40-50 passenger Luxury bus!  It was amaze!  We only had 22 people so obviously we had more than enough room.  It's state of the art - tv, lighting, ice bins, VIP room in the back, sound system.  Our driver Ryan was great and more than accommodating.  It was a great night and the bus was a huge hit!  We will definitely only rent a limo, bus, whatever PartyBus Group offers from them only.  Thanks again Adam!

These buses were awesome! I had one of the best nights ever. Got to dance with plenty of girls, and the drivers were super cool. I definitely recommend these busses, worth the money! A++

We had a great time on our journey to &amp; from the Del Mar Races. The Party Bus Group driver was very professional, on time, and drove very safely. We would definitely use them again!!!!

I have gone on different party buses and limos for concerts and friends birthdays but this by far is my favorite company to book with. No matter what we have always gotten a great deal, a great bus and have had a amazing time. My coworker was celebrating his birthday and we were able to take the bus down to San Diego and back, and for having the bus for that long no one could beat the price. Never again will I book with anyone else. No only did the bus come with a bathroom for the 2 hour trip, it was so clean, sometimes The buses can be on the dirty side especially if they have had a few different parties in one night. This company seriously know what they are doing and I highly recommend them to anyone who wants to book a party bus!

Adam Swaby is such a sharp professional. His bus is awesome. His communication is 10/10. He truly cares for his customers. He will build a relationship with you to make sure you are beyond satisfied. He will go the extra mile by loading up the bus with ice, cups, and even rockstars if you ask. If you want to avoid club entree fees &amp; lines he will gladly use his amazing relationships to get your entire group for a very cheap price &amp; even free! Save you a lot of money. Highly recommended! A company full of energy &amp; joy.

Uh-mazing!! I've been on party buses before, but not like this one. This one was spacious and felt like I was in a club. The sound system was amazing and the driver was so cool, and there's a nice bathroom in it (big plus for me). I had more fun on the bus than I did at the club I went to lol.

Best party bus ever super cool driver.... wouldn't go any other party bus then this one

We hired a party bus for our wedding party on the day of the wedding. The booking process was smooth. Adam was very responsive, helpful and nice. On the wedding day, the driver was very professional and helped us get the right beverage on board. Everyone had a great time. They make the experience stress free for great pricing. I will definitely use them again for any occasion!

Hired this party bus for my daughter's 16th birthday. Adam and his team were amazing. They had a great time and the whole experience was wonderful. I would definitely recommend you use this company if you want to have an amazing time and an overall wonderful experience. Thank you again Adam!

Went bar hopping along the coast with friends. The bus was clean, the driver friendly and the drinks were cold. We felt safe and comfortable with the driver who was very friendly and knowledgeable. A wonderfully evening of fun-filled memories.

The bus driver was a real nice guy. Had a great overall experience going from each destination.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs a party bus.

We used Party Bus Group for my daughter's senior prom - 5/20/2016. We had a group of 30 kids. Adam was extremely helpful when booking the bus and Anthony was a great driver. He arrived early and brought them back a little early, as well. We had the bus for 8 hours from 5:30pm to 1:30am. Anthony picked the kids up at our house, took them to a park for pictures, to the prom, to In-n-Out after the dance, and back home. The party bus was brand new (2016) and very clean. They provided waters and drinks for the kids. The kids had a blast dancing on the poles and blasting their music. I would definitely call PBG again!!

Best Experience for international and American students to meet up and make new friends, buzzing for the next one

Great overall experience. They have outstanding customer service! The entire process went very smoothly and we didn't have any problems thanks to Adam! The bus arrived on time and our driver (Andy) was very safe throughout the entire trip and made sure everyone was having a good time. I'm very satisfied with Party Bus Group and I'm likely to do business with them in the future!

Very professional for my son's PROM.  This was a very important event,  and I wanted to make sure that my son had a great experience.  Adam was VERY professional, and great in his communication. Our Limo-bus was a brand-new 30 passenger party bus, in beautiful condition.  The driver was early for pick-up, and everything went perfectly. Thank you ADAM! I will definitely use them for all my future needs.

The best kind of way to get to your destination! It's all about the journey! Had the bus this past weekend for my birthday &amp; seriously had an amazing time with all my friends! Very spacious to dance your way to the club! It's literally like a club in a bus. The lights! The music! Even has a restroom! Didn't even know that party buses had restrooms, so big points for that! Driver was super polite &amp; timely.

I've been on a few party bus trips in the past but nothing like this, their buses are LEGIT! Saying they are awesome is an understatement and I wish I could find bigger and better words to describe how impressed we are with our experience with Adam and his company. The bus showed up on time, it was clean, and looked exactly the way it did in the pictures. I recommend their service to anyone and everyone who wants to rent a party bus. 10/10, will use again. Thanks Adam!

Great times, awesome bus! Great customer service! One of a kind experience! Deff would recommend to anyone looking for that unforgettable club experience.

The bus was great. everything was nice and lived up to the expectation.

Awesome service. Loved the whole trip. Sigma Pi. The driver was really chill and let us play whatever music we wanted.

I scheduled with Party Bus Group for my prom. I booked the bus a month and a half in advance, and they were already almost out of vehicles, so definitely call early if you want to go with them! The bus itself was fine--not fancy or super high-tech but relatively clean and the driver was very nice. However, I had a really hard time contacting the company in the weeks prior to the event. Maybe prom season is especially busy, but they literally never picked up the phone when I called the company number, and didn't respond to my emails--I had to use the personal phone number of an employee to get any information after I had made the booking. Overall fine, but would recommend more for non-prom season.

I found this party bus company on Yelp after searching and shopping around and calling different companies. I spoke with Adam who was more than accommodating and patient as I decided on what I wanted to do for my birthday. I decided to go with them because their prices were affordable and reasonable. He made sure that everything was in order prior to the pick-up. When I arrived at my pick-up location I was greeted by the driver Ryan who was more than amazing, especially since it was his birthday. He's a real trooper for working on his birthday and he made sure my birthday was great! He made sure that everyone was good the whole time we were on the bus and made sure we made it to each of our destinations in a timely matter. Overall my satisfaction was more than 5 stars and I will tell everyone I know that wants to do a party bus to go with them and in the future I will be sure to use them for all my party bus needs!

Thank you Adam &amp; Ryan! Looking forward to working with you again!!

This bus is amazingggg. Hired it out for a night and was very clean and spacious!  The sound system is on point and everyone had a really great time :) I highly recommend this bus and can't wait to go on it again!

I recently booked a bus for my 21st birthday, and was very impressed at how smooth the process was. The customer service was great. The bus showed up 20 minutes early, clean, and the driver had our itinerary ready to go. 

The interior of the bus was excellent. There were high quality TVs playing music videos, the seats were in great shape, and floors were really clean.

I'm a college student in the long beach area, and will definitely book this bus again for my fraternities events.

Used this recently as was going Cali to vegas on a stag with about 25 friends was great driver was nice and te guy who sorted it got everything we needed was all on time and the party bus was perfect loads of room to. Everything went well good music and even has a private vip bit at the back. Couldn't ask for more. Highly recommended it as I've done this many times before and it goes wrongful or not enough room but with these guys it was brilliant. Thank you Adam Swaby

These busses were simply awesome! Great drivers who left on time both ways and made a smooth ride. Good speakers and lights and a lot of space to move around on to really get a party experience. Would recommend to everyone.

Adam was super responsive and accommodating to changes in our trip! Very helpful and A++ customer service. Would highly recommend and will definitely be a repeat customer! The bus was brand new and great as well. Ryan was our driver and was on top of everything and last minute requests. Thanks!

We used the busses to get from Long Beach to UCLA... Driver was very nice and the indoor area was perfectly clean! I'd definetly recommend these busses, it was a lot of fun.

I found Party Bus Group two weeks before our office event and couldn't be happier with their service. Adam was so helpful and patient while helping coordinate our many stops. We rented their new 2016 25-30 person party bus. It came stocked with soda, energy drinks, water and ice. I cannot believe how great the rates were either. The last company we rented from was dirty, worn out and about $600 more. Our driver was also amazing (my boss has mentioned how great he was 3 times since last week)! I will definitely be booking with them again!

I would recommend this to anyone looking for a party bus. Adam the guy that booked my reservation was very understanding and gave me a reasonable price. The driver Ryan was very chill and made our first bus party worth it. Overall I had a good time and saved money booking through this company if I'm going to book at party bus again this will be the place for again. Thank you once again Adam and Ryan.

Had a great experience on this party bus. The bus we had was awesome, great interior, cool lights and high quality sound.
Adam was very helpful too. We changed dates more than once and he was very accommodating and helpful. Would recommend using to anyone!

I wanted to rent a 30 person party bus for my husband's 29th birthday because we wanted to try something different. It was our first time on a party bus and we were blown away!! I had researched Party Bus Group on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Right off the bat I felt like we were in good hands. Adam was always there to answer any last minute questions that I had and was even kind enough to upgrade us to a bigger 50 seater bus. The bus actually looked like the pictures online (no catfishing here) and it was so awesome seeing it pull up to our house. Our driver Shonda was great! She showed up early and got us to DTLA destination on time. The bus was gorgeous! It had 2 big screen tv's, great lighting, leather seats, a great sound system, was fully stocked with ice and cups, and even had a bathroom. I am definitely using them in the future for our party bus needs :-) Thank you for making my husband's birthday so memorable!!

I'm an international student in Long Beach and this company organizes Party Buses to Hollywood frequently. It's always a big event, everybody's talking about it. You can be sure you'll have a memorable night.

best party bus company by far. everything from timing, hospitality, and cleanliness this bus company has it all. not to mention the driver was beyond amazing and helpful with everything we needed and asked. will definitely be using them again as well as recommending them to friends and family. thanks guys!!!

