Thank you RoboMobile!

I am so impressed with this business. Oscar was so helpful and kind! I wish every business was being run like this. The phone repair service was excellent: perfect repair, good price, timely service. I'm referring my friends here!

I broke the tempered glass on my Samsung Galaxy two days after I bought it.  My cover for it had yet to arrive in the mail, and of course I drop the phone. I stared at this same phone everyday for over a year hoping to get the back glass replaced one day.  I ended up coming to Robomobile based on their excellent reviews and proximity to my work place.  When I got there to get a quote, they said it would take about 2 hours and $40.  What a steal!  I jumped on it.  But then I remembered I forgot my wallet at home.  "Um...do you take Android Pay by chance..."  Why, yes they did!  The universe came together to hook me up that day.  Not only did I finally get my phone fixed for a very reasonable price, but they fixed it a timely manner, and I was not away from my phone for more than a couple hours.  Robomobile gave more than exceptional service and was also accommodating to my lack of cash by offering various payment methods to suit today's advanced world.  I will definitely come back if I ever have any issues with my phone and highly recommend this place for your cell phone repair needs.

Credit cards, Android Pay, Apple Pay, and cash accepted!

Love Oscar! He always hooks me up! Finally got a better case so hopefully I won't be in here as much but if anything happens I know where to go!!

Oscar is very professional and knows his stuff! This store has a real good customer service and they deserve 5 stars :)

I was taken care of by Oscar who immediately diagnosed and provided a quote for my iphone 5s.  Great service at a great price.  5 stars!

We were recommended by a friend because our previous repair place was ridiculous. We really enjoyed their customer service, speedy recovery of our iPad/screen and that it was actually fixed correctly! They were thorough in explaining everything, very reasonable in pricing and I felt super excited and happy when I left! Definitely returning for any future needs and happy to recommend!

I've come to RoboMobile three times now for repairs. The shop itself looks a little messy with computers and phone parts all over the place, but they get good work done. The first time, they repaired my iphone 5s screen, replacing the glass only, and threw in a free screen protector. I stupidly dropped my phone again and brought it in, and he gave me a discount since he had just seen me like the week before.

Most recently I went in to ask Oscar for a new iPhone 5s battery. He was really quick to remove my old battery but then couldn't find a replacement. So he ended up removing a battery from a new housing and installing that. You can definitely tell he has a lot of experience given just how fast he is able to do all this. Would definitely recommend going into them, plus they have great hours even if you can't come in until after work.

Came in here last night. Originally to drop off my Macbook Pro that had a broken screen to Oscars neighbor...Fast Apple Repair. But then I saw cell phone repair and thought I'd get a price to get my iPhone 6+ screen replaced while I was there. 

Usually  I use Gadget Parts in HB, but I was here......so I got a price from Oscar and it was the same as Gadget Parts.....Gadget Parts always tells you 1 hour....Oscar told me 15 mins. Wow. 

So I went next door and got a hot chocolatte at Starbucks and it was ready when I returned. 

Nice! 

Nice guy

Fast Service

Competitive pricing. 

I wish him much success. 

Thanks Oscar!

Oh yeah, and I had him quote me on replacing the camera on a phone ($25ish) that Gadget Parts had quoted me $50 on.......good to know.

Very helpful and professional. They have fixed my Nexus 5s on switch, which was sticking, and then today I got a new battery from them. They gave me a 3 month warranty, so I don't need to worry about throwing money away on an old phone that is just going to need to be replaced soon.

Wow!  Oscar is just great!  Called, he had the part available for rare/no-longer-produced cell phone, dropped it off and in about an hour and a half, boom --- dead broken phone back to life.  Quick, accurate and inexpensive, and he totally knows everything about what he is doing.

Highly recommend this place! Oscar is very knowledgeable &amp; charges fair prices. He unlocked my iPhone 5s &amp; I couldn't be happier. My phone ended up having other issues not related to the unlock but he helped get those resolved as well &amp; was extremely patient with me even after all my calls!! Thank you again! I will be returning &amp; sending all my friends here. I live in riverside, definitely worth the drive!

Oscar is the fucking man.!!!! Lol good job bro on my gf iPhone.. . Thank you for making it look dope ass fuck!!!!!!! Thank you sir!!!!

Best place to get ur phone fixed very professional!
About a month ago my boyfriend cracked my phone desperately I went to main place Santa Ana to get it fixed worst mistake I could of done anyways soon after my phone just started to fall about and yesterday it fell not that had and Completely cracked so my boyfriend has told me about Oscars work bc he had fixed one our tablet and other devices which are working great so we stopped by to get it fixed he was so friendly explained to me what they had done to my phone and why it got messed with such a small fall he really took the time to make sure my phone was in good before I left I'm so happy with the work he's done I would recommend him to everyone !

These guys are great I will only go to this company I will recommend you guys too everybody that needs phone fixed thank you for your help today it was a pleasure meeting meeting you if you need any recommendations feel free have them ask me I will give you guys five stars

As someone who cracks my screen multiple times a year I've visited lots of repair shops but nothing is better than RoboMobile!  Fair, honest, fast and friendly -  Best cell phone repair shop I've ever been too and that's saying a lot! Thank you Oscar and team. 

Ps they split space with a Mac repair shop so bring anything Apple - got my MacBook updated and fixed up all at once. Whooo hoo!!

Oscar thank you so much for fixing my disastrous phone!!! I was so amazed with your awesome work!!! My phone looks brand spanking new!!!

Oscar was da man!  I called ahead and asked if they could root my ATT LG G3 so I could enable wifi tethering and he said no problem, come on in.  I stopped by 10 mins later and he worked on it while I waited.  10 mins later he was done and now I can wifi tether :)

I called other shops and they were telling me it could take up to 2 days, wtf?  Go here, you won't regret it.

Quick service, I came in with broke iphone and Oscar helped me out. I was quoted alot for at other places and longer wait while Oscar was cheaper and faster. I will becoming here more often.

Oscar is amazing! A friend referred me to him because my Galaxy S4 screen cracked, and Oscar helped me out ASAP. He knows his stuff! Whenever I have phone questions, Oscar gives me his honest opinion and is always reachable. I highly recommend him!

Claudio totally hooked me up!  I was freaking out because my iPhone battery kept dying after 2 hours and I didn't want to charge it everywhere I went.  He not only replaced the battery (for cheap!) but I got a new case and a shatter proof screen so my son doesn't destroy the phone.  The service was fast and very affordable.  Thank you!!  YOU ROCK!!

So yesterday my boyfriend dropped his phone, and like dropping buttered toast, the phone landed flat on its face! Of course, the glass shattered, but the LCD was still in good condition. Without missing a beat, I immediately went on Yelp to find a place that could fix the glass at a reasonable price. Hence, RoboMobile. 

I called Oscar and received a quote of $65 to fix the glass; much, much more reasonable than the other two places I called beforehand (both quoted me $75-80). This needed to be done fast and Oscar told me if I brought the phone in before 6:30 that evening it would be done in a jiffy. I had 30 minutes to get there. 

The shop is located on the west side of Main before Russell Street next to a vape shop; I of course pulled an illegal left turn to park in the lot adjoining the shop (pro tip: don't park in the lot - park on the street in front of the shop - it's all free). 

After dropping off my phone to Oscar a thought hits me--this place is CASH ONLY (which explains the very reasonable pricing) and I told Oscar I needed to hit the bank. He apologized for the inconvenience and said that after I return from the bank the phone should be ready AND he'll include a glass protector for no charge to make up for the whole cash only deal. I was pleasantly surprised by that offer!

Overall, Oscar did a great job and he offered fantastic, quick service. Thanks, Oscar!

This guy is a life savor...If my husband knew I dropped my phone because I was out walking my dog,and dropped it on the sidewalk...Why wasn't it in it's case..Otter case has saved my phone for over 3 years..Well he is a life savor and the best at his business..If you have a phone or tablet problem this guy is your hero!!!! Great Job, Well Done!!! Thank You!

Don't let Oscar's fake response fool you!  He and I both know he never once offered me any type of refund on the poor service he provided to me.  I'm going to address all of his fake remarks one by one below:

1. You mentioned that you now have adhesives that prevent liquid from going into a phone.  That does not matter.  You did a crap job adhering my phone to my screen at the time I brought it in, which is why it kept lifting and eventually disconnected from my phone all together.  Whether the adhesive is water resistant was never an issue, you even specifically told me my phone would not be water resistant anymore which I said was fine with me.

2.You replaced my screen twice because you have a 30 day warranty and the initial screen you placed in my phone was not functioning properly and kept lifting as well because you didn't adhere it well.  You never gave me a huge discount on anything and never stated that you did... I paid you $250 which I now understand is ridiculous.  After I left your business I actually found someone who would have done it for $200 but at the time you seemed like a nice enough guy so I didn't mind leaving my phone with you.

3.  Never once did you ever offer me a refund on the horrible service you provided.  If you did offer me a refund why would I not have gladly taken it?  Who in their right mind refuses free money?  Where exactly did you offer me a refund?  You said you're still waiting for an answer back, but I'm still waiting for the actual refund offer!  Stop fleecing your customers and run an honest business.  If you truly want to offer me a refund why didn't you PM me so I can give you my number and address rather than stating it here?  This updated review would have turned out a lot differently if you did.

4.  I never said that taking cash was illegal so please re-read my review very carefully.  It is definitely easier for the business owner because you do not have to pay card transaction fees or purchase a card reader.  Businesses take cash because it's easier and more convenient for them PERIOD and there is no electronic log of transactions made (hence the remark regarding the IRS).  In addition to being a poor business man you obviously don't know how to read and interpret English

You never once addressed the other missing part from my phone or the fact that you lost my SIM card and SD card because your store, and you, are so messy and unorganized.  You definitely need to come up with some sort of organization system to keep customers phones and parts together (possibly a even something as simple as a Ziploc bag with name and phone number written on it)  I recommend you stop lying and making false statements regarding things that happened and things you never said because I will call you out.  I promise you that.

Oscar fixed my charging port and did a great job. He explained his diagnosis and let me know how much it would cost up front. He also followed up on his warranty. The charging port replacement was defective and he exchanged it the next day free of charge. Great business. Definitely returning.

First off I normally don't do reviews but this time I feel it completely worth my time to write a review.  
I started off my day with a cracked screen.  Not fun.  Did a quick Google search and ended up on Yelp.  For RoboMobile and even though there was limited reviews they were close.  Called them up and sure enough they had the parts to change my Note 4 glass.  Screen worked fine no problems just need the glass replaced.  Since they were really close I ran over and after a few seconds was given an option to replace my screen since I had some burn in on it.   I decided to just do the glass as the burn in didn't bother me.   Arranged to come back later to pick it up and off I went phoneless and feeling vulnerable.  Went back later to pick up my lifeline to the world and as I walked in was told there was good and bad news.  
UGH I HATE THAT! 
My screen needed to be replaced after all.  The cracked glass was just the surface damage.
They had already replaced the screen and were finishing installing the glass.  The replacement screen was not new but was fully functional and had no burn in.  So I was back in the game even better than before. 
Now normally a repair place would call to get authorization to add on additional part and cost before doing any work.  After seeing what was wrong with my old screen I had no problem paying the extra for the replacement screen.  
Time to settle up the bill and I was only charged for the quoted cost of replacing the glass.  Even when I said I'd pay the extra it was a "No its OK we would rather have a happy customer."   Well i am a happy customer and whenever I have issues with my phone or hear anyone saying they have issues you can better believe I'm gonna be sayin loudly ROBOMOBILE! 
Awesome job!  Very fast!  Very nice!  My pocket was a bit more empty when I left but I had no remorse on paying that bill.  
Thank you very much!

Awesome job to the guys at Robo Mobile. They're really competent and they know what their doing. They did help me fix my loose micro USB port on my Logitech h800 headset.  It quick and easy and real value considering it was only $40 fix where the headset costs me $75 at Best Buy and elsewhere its $100.
If your looking a place you can trust and is cheap, start here.

Also don't let one negative review not take in account the other reviews here, I can only speak for myself, and I can tell the guy who fixed my headset was genuine. The guy told me that if I have an issue with my charging port that he fixed he'll fix it again for free within 30 days. I was very happy overall and I didn't expect great customer care especially since a lot of other cellphone repair shops don't know what their doing and they really out to get a cash grab on broken iphone screens.

And how can you beat a guarantee like that, even fry's electronics don't have as good guarantee like this. I know one person has a negative experience they're more likely to post a review than someone who has a positive experience that's just how it works. 

 I mean even look at CellSpot repairs, they have some negative reviews too. I called to Cellspot first and they didn't want to help with my issue, infact I called them at 12pm on a Tuesday and first left a message and no one called me back even after I called again at 2pm no one answered the phone. It wasn't until 3pm when I called again to get a hold of someone did they tell me they wouldn't be able to help me.

So I know if I have an issue with my tablet, phone or headset I'm calling RoboMobile first, they've done right by me.

Recommend this place for repairs or to diagnose issues with your cell phone.  Took my old S3 in to get checked out for a charging issue.  After a few tests and 15 min later problem solved.

Reasonable pricing and honest diagnosis. 

Will come back if I have any other issues.

Thanks Oscar.

Oscar is the guy you need to go to! Don't waste your time going anywhere else; he's honest, affordable, and reliable. Best place to get your phone fixed hands down.

I give this place 10+ stars. Oscar does GREAT honest work! I've been here 3 times in the last few months. (I'm such a clutz). Every single time he's done a stellar job repairing my phone. The prices are reasonable and the service is top notch. I hope I never have to fix my phone again but if I ever need to, I'll always come back to RoboMobile. Thank you for always saving my phone!

Great service. Extremely friendly and honest guys. I definitely recommend this place for anyone in the area.

Hands down the best place to get a repair. I've gone here a few times (because I'm an idiot) and they hook it up. I've done a lot of price checking and this is the cheapest place for the best job. Also he gave me a cool phone case this time around because I'm such a klutz.  

Really awesome and honest owner.

Oscar was great. I called him and he gave me a price on the phone to fix the smashed screen. Great value at $100 for my HTC one. He had to fix another part on the phone as after changing the screen it would no longer read the SIM card. Took a day longer but I got my phone back working, and he gave me a free phone case plus $10 off the bill.

Oscar's the best in town! Get your phone fixed here! Super nice guy. Super convenient. And open later than most places.

Oscar does a really great job. A friend of ours cracked her iPhone screen and my brother found RoboMobile on Yelp. After he repaired her phone same day, I took my boyfriend's iPod Touch to get it's home button repaired. Even though Oscar didn't have the parts at that time, he ordered them and repaired the iPod Touch in a timely fashion.

Of course, my boyfriend dropped his iPod Touch and cracked the screen so we went back to see Oscar. His prices to repair a cracked screen are fair compared to other places. He repaired the screen but we learned after going home the front camera no longer worked. To his credit, Oscar ordered a new camera and installed it; we didn't have to pay anything else out of pocket. :)

If we have any other issues, we'll only come back here. Thanks for helping us!

These guys are no joke quick fast inexpensive 
Great job   Mega screen crack

These friendly guys fixed my shattered screen quickly to get my phone back in action in well under an hour. My hyper kiddo barely had time to grow bored waiting! They also helped me find a good, durable replacement for the old, busted case that had failed me so spectacularly (and threw in a free screen protector). I highly recommend you have these guys fix you up if your precious device suffers an unfortunate accident.

Best place around to get your cell phone repaired, they're quick and very friendly when it comes to repairs. They'll also help you understand whatever you need to if you've any questions about anything you'd like to know.

apparently i was there first walk in, they are cheaper than everywhere else and they fixed my screen same day.. had an issue after and i noted it here on yelp, Oscar reached out got me in and fixed the problem no questions asked. i recommend these guys to all my friends and coworkers.

I Dropped my Samsung Galaxy S4 and the broke the "Volume Up" button. So the phone was stuck in high volume. I was not able to use my headphones coz I didnt fancy going deff and starting the phone was also a problem, as android users might know, pressing the volume Up button while starting ur phone, puts the phone into the debug mode which is annoying.

I found RoboMobile via Yelp, and after reading through some of the reviews, decided to give it a try. I was greeted by Oscar who is a nice guy to speak with, He immediately understood the problem and explained to me what needed to be done.  His price ($30 = new button+ side frame + service) sounded reasonable to me. He had my phone fixed within an hour which was very good.

I would definitely refer RoBoMobile for their good service, honest pricing and quick repair time.

Cheers.

When I walked in I was a little iffy because of the location and the way it looks really empty inside but was greeted by Oscar who was very friendly and very reasonable with his prices. Explained the process and informed me that my phone would be ready in less than a day. I was very satisfied and will be recommending him to all my friends :) 
HTC one - Charging port

Cracked the screen on my Galaxy and was using a dinosaur phone in the meantime, because TM wanted an arm and a leg for a replacement.

LUCKILY, this guy was referred to me.  All I have to say is ... THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH!  My phone is as good as new.  

I dropped it off and it was ready an hour and a half later!  Doesn't get any better than that.

This will be the second time the guys at robomobile /fast apple repair have helped me out after sprint essentially told me I was out of luck and needed to buy a new ph etc. They fixed my ph quickly for a decent price. I couldn't ask for more. I recommend to anyone this place is it.

After receiving horrible service at Cellspot, Oscar reached out to me to try to fix my phone for free. It seemed like he made an improvement to my phone but after a few days it reverted back and then actually got worse. I appreciate that he tried to help, but Im now wishing I didnt take up the offer. He told me that my phones a bit better than before and my screen/backing won't lift up any more but it has. Now the other side of both my screen and backing is lifted instead of just the left side. My phone has gotten worse to the point where I'm giving up on fixing it anymore and will just get a new phone. I'm giving a 3 star instead of just a 1 though because he did try to fix an issue that was another store's fault.

Don't waste your time searching anymore!!! THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE TO GO!!! 
My headphone jack got stuck in the headphone set and my phone would only work on bluetooth/speaker phone. Everywhere else I went they wanted to charge me $55 dollars + the risk of breaking my screen. 

I tried one last place and boy am I glad I did. Within 45 seconds this team fixed my phone, cleaned my screen, and told me it would all be at NO CHARGE! 

Businesses like these deserve more business and more customers. I am not a big yelp person but after the service I received here, I would feel guilty not leaving a + review!

Thanks guys!

So my iPhone 5's screen completely cracked and I called so many places that were giving me prices 90$ and up to get it fixed. Finally called RoboMobile and was surprised at how cheap their prices are! The owner is very nice and although I had to wait a little longer to get my phone fixed, I was happy to hold a non cracked phone again. He did a great job
I would totally recommend coming here instead of paying $100+ somewhere else

I came in today and thought my charging port and home buttons were bad. However i was soon shown that i had some water or moisture inside my phone. Long story they went way above and beyond changing the port, along with saudering part to the mother board to make my phone as good as new. Thay did all this insanely quickly and at a great price. This is why i have been here 4 time, and will continue to be a customer. Go see them

Oscar was so great and helpful! He does a wonderful job fixing up phones. I went to him for multiple accidents and the phone looks like new! He knows his parts and a lot about what he does and provides excellent customer service at a great price! I highly recommend this place if you need any type of repair on your phone!

Great place!
 I called Robomobile on my way to another fix-it store in Tustin. I needed my S 3 screen fixed urgently.  I was told a price and it would b done today if  I got there by 5:30. I headed over when the store I was at told me it would cost $30 more than Robomobile quoted and take 2 hours longer!   No thank you!
When I arrived it was 5:15, he said it would b ready @7 and quoted the price of $60, exact price he gave me over the phone!  
I arrived at 7:05, my phone was ready and I bought a case (only $10!). I highly highly HIGHLY recommend this place!

Got my mom's S3's broken glass fixed here.  Oscar did a great job and delivered as promised.  The repair took about an hour.  He's also a super friendly guy.  I would not hesitate to return if I am in need of mobile repair services.

I was looking at repair options for the broken glass.  It seems that most places uses double-sided tape.  Oscar claims to use factory glue instead of tape.  He explained that this was better option and I was likely to agree.  That's why I opted to go this route.  His prices are also reasonable.  He explains the job he did.  

Go find Oscar and have him fix you right up!!!

I've now used Oscar's services twice. Every time we've spoken over the phone, via messaging or in person he's consistently super responsive, very calm and refreshingly friendly. Honestly, when I broke my new phone I was bummed for a minute or two, then I shrugged it off knowing Oscar could fix it quickly and for a totally reasonable price.

Fuck this place I took my phone to get fixed and he didn't do a good job the second time my IPhone5s cracked I took it to some Asian guy in Westminster he was so cool showed me that this fucker took certain parts from the inside of my phone and stole small parts that he didn't even replace that's why my sensor wasn't working or my print reader because it was also missing the attachments this new guy only charged me $60 and fixed it in 15 minutes not like this guy that took days and in the end didn't even fix my phone but sure did take my $100 dollar bill and phone parts

Oscar is a homie. I wanted to save some money, so I bought a replacement screen off Amazon for my Nexus 4 and brought it to RoboMobile for a professional fix. It only took $35 for Oscar to replace for me. On top of that, I brought a replacement battery that I had also bought off Amazon, and he offered to pop that into my phone for free!

He told me to expect a 35-40 minute wait, but he ended up getting it done in around 20 minutes. In the unfortunate event that my Nexus has another devastating date with the ground, I'll be back here.

My auxiliary cable recently broke off into the aux port of my phone. After calling several repair shops, I received several quotes which were all over $50. In addition, most of the other shops wanted to replace the entire bottom part of my iPhone 6, rather than attempting to remove the broken aux cable from the port. Oscar told me that if he could remove the aux jack, he wouldn't charge me a thing! I was in his shop for a whole two minutes before he removed the aux cable from my phone, completely free of charge! Props to this shop for saving me a lot of time and money for what could have been a much bigger problem.

Good service.the staff are  Friendly they help me a lot . We can say WOW
I love this place. I'll come back.

Unfortunately the case that was replaced 5 months ago slowly came off the phone and then the phone stopped working because the wiring was not connected. When I went back to the store, they said Oscar was not there and that they could not fix the phone until 3 days later due to not having the parts.. and when Oscar was called he said he would charge me to fix it. Super disappointing and not professional. We found another place a few minutes away and they fixed the phone in 10 minutes plus gave me and my boyfriend 2 free glass case protecters. They also had a 6 month warranty which RoboMobile did not do. Overall Oscar is nice but the place is not run professionally.

My husband broke the screen of his Samsung Galaxy S3. Of course we went on Yelp, called around,  got a great quote from Oscar yesterday and brought it in today and dropped it off. Went back to get it and it wasn't ready. Came back again, gave us a dscount for the inconvenience and a free screen protector at that. Oscar knows his craft and he definitely knows the meaning of customer service. Thank you very much, Oscar!

So I dropped my phone barely, it landed clean on its back, but of course the screen on the front completely shattered!

I needed it that evening for an event, so I took it to RoboMobile in between looking for a ball gown and shoes! Oscar quickly fixed it with a black iPhone 5 s screen so I could use my phone (it's a white iPhone) with the promise that as soon as white screens came in, he'd switch it back to white.

Fast forward a few weeks, I called him wondering when I would get my white iPhone screen and to comment that the screen seemed to be pushed up on one side... Oscar says Apple is backordered and he'll let me know as soon as they come in.

Noticing the screen sticking up even worse then before, I push down to snap it back in, and BAM a huge black spot on my LCD appears with streaks going down my iPhone...

OH GREAT. 

Called Oscar in a frantic, hoping he'll be able to switch it back to a white screen and once again fix the LCD, hopefully without the screen sticking up this time. We'll see!

As of now, I'm very happy with the service but now my camera isn't working! Apple needs to rethink this iPhone 5s business.

BEWARE!  I had broken glass on an iPhone 6 replaced here for $120 cash.  Within a week, the glass and screen are lifting out of the body, and the owner will not return my emails even though he "guarantees" the work for a 30 days.  I decided to go here based SOLELY on the Yelp reviews, so as much as I hate leaving negative reviews I think it's only fair to warn other consumers.  If I'm not mistaken, Apple stores charge the exact same amount, and will stand by their work.

I just got my Galaxy S5 phone back from Oscar, and its beautiful!! He did a great job on fixing my shattered screen, and on top of that it was quick! The best part, it was a great deal, I shopped around for a couple days and he came thru with the best price and best service. If something happens again ( I sure hope it doesn't, but if it does) I will be returning. Thanks Oscar, 5 stars all the way!

These guys do a great job. My Samsung Galaxy S5 screen cracked and the LCD was damaged. A lot of the others will only service Iphones but these guys offered the service I needed. I use my phone for work and they fixed it in a hurry! The screen is as good as new. Honest and fair priced. Thanks guys!

The best customer service ever! Spoke to the owner of the place Oscar and explain what was going with my cell phone. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 the screen and LCD was broken! He told me to come on in and he would replace both things. I work at a hospital and I work 12 hrs shift with a 30 min lunch and I don't have the time to fix things. I went to his place but I was not able to find his place. So I called him and told him what happen. He said I will come to you with was like 5 mins agway! I was blown away of how understanding he was about me. He came fix my cell and gave me a cute cover for my case! Everyone at the hospital saw what he did and now we will be using him to fix our stuff... Thanks Oscar!

Oscar did an Awesome job! I cracked my screen on my iPhone 5s and within an hour my phone looked brand new again. This place also has the best prices. I'm referring all my friends here for future reference.

Id highly recommend anyone to come here. Hes fast and has a good turn around point. He fixed my home button. Even though when he tried  fixing my volume button it didnt work. But that was my fault, i knew he wasnt gonna be able. But overall best man. Id recommend people to cone here and not some other place where they will rip you off. Hes a real man that puts effort into what he does.

After I accidentally dropped my iPhone, not only did the screen shatter but my heart did as well ): I hate myself for being so clumsy! I called a few places to compare prices and I finally decided on RoboMobile. I'm so glad I did! They did such a good job! My phone is as good as new and the shattered screen is nothing but a bad memory. I highly recommend this place!

Nice guy, I was a bit leery when I see a fellow Latino working the counter. My people like to nickel and dime. But after a short conversation,  I found myself feeling assured that I placed my phone in good hands.  I took my phone to a place in Fullerton before, and wow that was a huge mistake. Oscar was able to replace the screen and fix all the errors the other tech did. If you look at my past reviews I seem to be a harsh critic, I clearly wouldn't be impressed if the service was horrible.

Oscar is a great guy and took him less than 45 minutes to replace my S3 broken screen. I highly recommend this place for your cell phone problems.

I called every single repair store and all the places where charging me 120 or 240 to replace a Galaxy s4 glass. Once I called this place I spoke with Oscar and he gave me the cheapest price out of all of them. I went there today and he was super friendly the moment I walked in. My phone was in good hands and working bettet than ever. He fixed my phone in one hour and other places told me at least 4 hours.  Oscar got it done quick. If I have an cell phone issues I will be coming here. Thank you Oscar for giving me the best customer service.  You are amazing. Go to this place repair service with an awesome price and he will not rip you off. Thanks again

I had completely shattered my Ipod Touch while at the gym, and was in need of a repair.  Upon doing my research and investing on who offered the best deal, I had chosen Robo Mobile as my choice. I came in on a Friday morning and was surprised by the kindness and compassion I witnessed and was givin. The owner personally addressed all my concerns and insured me that everything will come out ok. He was extremely professional and even delivered my device to my home.  The condition my Ipod was Givin to me was beyond great. Thank you very much Oscar! I will definitely recommend RoboMobile to everyone I know.

All I needed was to find out why my iPhone 5 was not charging anymore and Oscar provided me the best help anyone ever could have! I went to Tmobile my phone carrier and they told me I had to get a new phone, I brought it to Oscar at RoboMobile and it was fixed in about 5 minutes. He opened it up, put in a new battery, then just brushed some lint out of my Charging adapter. Then he even gave me the battery free of charge! Very friendly man and very friendly atmosphere. If you're going to get your phone fixed anywhere, go see Oscar at RoboMobile, he's the best!

I needed my iPhone screen replaced, and they really took care of me! I was waiting for an important call, and he even gave me a phone to use while mine was being fixed! Only took a hour. Amazing!!

I had such a great experience here! Oscar is such a friendly, outgoing guy to talk too. He seems to know what he is doing. My dad and I came here to get his s3 fixed. He helped clean the internal area and update the software. It did helped with the battery drainage. I will definitely come back again if I need to get my phone repair.

Keeping it short..$70 to replace the glass screen for iphone 5. Repair only takes a few hours and free screen protector with repair.

Oscar was very knowledgable and helpful. I had a pleasant experience coming in here to fix my iPhone 4S cracked screen. Oscar also hooked it up and cleaned it internally and now my speaker works again! I recommend coming in here if you need some kind of phone repair. You won't be disappointed. Excellent price as well. Would definitively come back in the future!

I fixed my Samsung S3 and Ipad Air here.  A $290 expense at the apple store was down to $110 here.  Only issue was that the magnet on the ipad didn't function after.  I could have taken it back to have it fixed, but didn't really care that much.

Oscar is a great guy to deal with, he provided me with the best customer service I've ever had dealing with cell phones and repaired my Samsung S2 for a great price.   Every phone call was returned promptly, he's a no BS guy who tells you the way it is, he knows cell phones, tablets, computers and other electronic devices inside &amp; out, so whatever you need, Oscar is the guy to help you.   

I'm not a tech guy, the salesman at Sprint recommended Oscar when they couldn't repair my phone, so I drove all the way from Seal Beach to Santa Ana and it was well worth the time.   I don't recommend many people but when I run across such outstanding service &amp; knowledge, it's important to get the word out about excellent guys like Oscar.   I will not be going anywhere else when I need anything related to cell phones.

A big thanks to Oscar.

Ray

Oscar has unbeatable prices!  It was $75 to replace the cracked screen on my iphone 5s while other companies that I called were charging an average of $125.  It also came with a warranty and he said that he would even fix any problems related to workmanship if it was passed the warranty period.  As if the cracked screen wasn't enough, a couple of weeks later my phone failed to charge, so that's when I finally sent my hubby to Oscar.  The phone was less than 6 months old so the battery wasn't old, but Oscar diagnosed that as the problem and said it would only be $25 to replace.  My hubby said he was such a nice guy and ended up charging him even less because Oscar did not have exact change.  WOW!  One month later, my phone is in great condition.  I respect that he didn't try to take advantage by saying there was a bigger problem like some companies would do to their customers.

This is the place to go Oscar did a great job on my galaxy s3. I took it in for a broken screen repair n he went above and beyond to fix it within the hour. I highly recommend to come here great quality and exceptional prices. Also wonderful customer service. I will be recommending this place to my friends n family.

