I used Sav-on Shuttle this past weekend for my flight out of LAX.  I live very close to the LB airport but could not find a flight to my destination, so LAX it was.  Personally, I'm not a huge fan of LAX and I hate driving there, so I avoided asking any friends.  Instead, I went on Yelp and found the very positive reviews of Sav-On.  My trip to the airport on Friday morning was absolutely fantastic.  My driver was Art and he was so incredibly kind and friendly during the whole trip.  He was very on time, to my relief, and knew some tricks about maneuvering around the airport to avoid traffic. He was very helpful about tips in regards to the airport since it was my first time flying out.  I really enjoyed my trip to the airport, and that's saying something because I hate the airport.  For my returning flight home on Sunday, I had booked with Sav-On shuttle to pick me up.  My flight was very delayed but when I made the booking, I was told they check up on my flight to see if it is on time/delayed, which is why I gave them all my flight information.  Sunday evening I arrived into LAX and received no call from my shuttle driver, which I was told would happen in order to find the meeting place.  I walked all over the airport on the first level and the second level, from Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 because I was told that was a common area to be picked up from flights.  I called the Sav-On shuttle number, which claims to be 24/7 and it went straight to voicemail.  I waited at the airport for about 15 more minutes to see if I would receive a call back, and I didn't.  I'm not sure if there was an issue or not because my flight was delayed and if I was supposed to somehow call (that wasn't possible because I came from out of the country and had no service), but I was frustrated as my flight came in around 12:30am and I was exhausted from a day of traveling.  I ended up using an Uber pool, which was much cheaper than my original trip to the airport with Art.  I have mixed feelings regarding Sav-On shuttle because my trip with Art to LAX was absolutely wonderful.  However, I wasn't picked up on Sunday evening even though I had scheduled that pick up.  Not sure if I would use Sav-On again to be picked up from the airport, but being taken to the airport was very successful.  

UPDATE: John was so kind to me when he heard I was unable to find my shuttle driver..  He called me almost immediately after I posted my review and explained the situation that my call never went through so they were unable to call me for a meeting place.  Just a fluke experience and was definitely resolved.  John was very helpful and offered me a free ride for my next airport journey.  Definitely will use Sav-On again just because of the amazing customer service.  Despite my one fluke experience, I definitely will use Sav-On again. 
John is incredibly kind and helpful when you make your reservation and their phone number can be called and texted to, which I really appreciate, since my call didn't go through yesterday evening. 
Very pleased with my experience at Sav-On shuttle.

Let me start off by saying that when we need private transportation in Cali, this is the ONLY number we'll call (and they actually PICK UP THE PHONE every time!!!)

1) Family of 3 with tons of luggage get picked up right ON TIME at the Queen Mary (Long Beach) to Anaheim by the friendliest/most courteous driver (Stacy) in a nice clean van! 

1a) We asked Stacy if she wouldn't mind taking us by a Von's, Food For Less, Ralphs, CVS, etc. on the way to Anaheim to pick up some groceries/necessities (This was NOT on the original itinerary). For a very minimal fee, Stacy accommodated us, took us too a better grocery store than we had requested and waited patiently!

2) Five long days &amp; 1 extra suitcase later, we were lucky enough to have Stacy as our driver again. She arrived at the Disneyland Resort ON TIME and drove us in rush hour all the way to Hollywood. Along the way she pointed out lots of cool spots on the way, we felt like we were getting a private tour.

3) Finally, in that same week she was our round-trip driver for my family (3), 2 cousins, my Aunt &amp; Uncle from Hollywood to Santa Monica were we spend the entire day on beach and pier with no problems, snags or delays at all.

Thank you so much to Stacy (and John) for providing us visitors with an extremely reliable, personable and affordable private transportation service in Cali ~ We won't call anyone else!

This review is long overdue. We needed shuttle services to take us to LAX for our 8:30am flight back in June. There were 18 of us traveling which included four toddlers in car seats and one older child. John &amp; I agreed 5:30am would be a good pick-up time and we would need two vans to fit all 18 people plus our 30+ luggage. John and his team were punctual, courteous, and helped us with loading the vans. Loading 18 people and 30+ luggages in a van is not easy but everything went very smoothly. The vans were big, roomy and very clean. We arrived at the airport in perfect timing.
The service back from the airport to home went just as smooth even though our luggage was slightly delayed. John's team was very professional and I highly recommend Sav-on shuttle for your shuttle transportation needs.

This month we had gone on a cruise and used Sav-On Shuttle services again.  The service is great and price is great.  This time John himself was our driver which made it better.  We had great conversations with him along the way.  
We will call him again on our next trip.

I arrived at Long Beach Airport without airport shuttle to Orange County. My flight from Las Vegas had a 30 minute delay, and my reservation with Prime Time Shuttle was cancelled last minute due to unavailability. While Prime Time Shuttle may be cheap ($27-35 depending on the day you book), they were unable to accommodate me even with a reservation and unforeseen delay. The ride from Long Beach to Orange County would also have taken me 2 hours due to the amount of stops from a shared ride service, so overall, I was very disappointed with Prime Time Shuttle. 

Fortunately, Art from Sav-On Shuttle was able to pick me up at last minute's notice WITHOUT a reservation. I was thrilled, because ground transportation services, including Uber, Lyft, and Super Shuttle easily cost about $70 from Long Beach to Orange County. Sav-On Shuttle charges a flat rate of $45 to Orange County, which is a steal! 

My driver Art was awesome! He was very quick to pick me up at last minute's notice. Art is very friendly, and I would ride with him again. Art is a great driver, and Sav-On is lucky to have him! He gave me a "Filipino discount", and he insisted that I not tip him. Drive with Art from Long Beach Sav-On Shuttle, and you will not regret it! I would without a doubt use Sav-On Shuttle again.

My family and I want in a cruise and found John business here on Yelp! I'm so thankful that we did. We had a large party of 9. Upon arriving to the airport I received a call stating they were waiting outside perfect as we just got our bags. We had a woman driver I think her name was Loraine.she didn't talk much be she was nice. Upon our return we had an Asian man who was funny and he and my husband talked a lot about the port. 

I had a great experience and will this company in the future when we sail out of long beach.

P.s they have car seats if you request them. 
And if you need a wheelchair lift use different company as their vans don't have the lift. We learned the hard way..but it still worked out.

We've requested their service twice now for shuttling large groups to LAX. They are nice and professional. Readily available when I call to make a reservation and I get a fast response when I text them to confirm my reservation or if I have any questions. They had boosters and car seats available when they picked us up. Stacy was our driver a couple times and she was great. I will gladly use them again.

Outstanding service! I was looking for a ride to LAX to take my disabled mom with me, and decided to choose Sav-On Shuttle.

We were greeted by our driver Art on time, who just happened to have caregiving experience for 14 years, wow!  He was so helpful and knew exactly how to handle everything. I highly recommend this company,  and especially Art!

My family and I were picked up on time at Long Beach airport at the start of our vacation.  Our driver was on time and friendly.  On our way to our hotel in Anaheim, our driver took a few wrong turns and it took twice as long to get to our destination.  Honestly, my family and I did not think twice about getting lost because we were in no hurry.  I felt bad for our driver because he said that he was just helping out today because the service was busy.  He seemed a little nervous so I made sure to make light conversation to put him at ease.  He got us to our destination and I thanked him and tipped him.  

When I made our initial reservation I made it for a round trip.  The shuttle was scheduled to pick us up at 9:00 AM at our hotel and we were returning to Long Beach airport.  At 9:05, I called them and asked if they were on there way.  Well, there was no shuttle on the way...I was told that they didn't see me on the schedule but could get a shuttle to us in 30 minutes. Who wants a shuttle that is 30 minutes late when you need to get to the airport.  Really disappointed!

Great service! I didn't book before we landed because I wasn't sure what the best option was to take us from Long Beach Airport to the Disneyland hotels I called and was so pleased by the courtesy and speed of service.  Our party was picked up in an extremely manner and we booked the 007 shuttle to bring us back to the airport a few days later. Extremely pleased with the entire experience.

Sav-On is awesome! My driver Art was so friendly and a safe driver. I would definitely recommend him as a driver and Sav-On if you're in the area. I booked online a week before, and it was super easy. Prompt pick-up and comfortable shuttle. Easy payment. I paid by credit card and it looks like they use square cash. Really great customer service over the phone, too! I was kind of worried after reading reviews of other companies, so I am so happy I found Sav-On. Ask for Art, and say Hi for me :)

Sav-On took us round trip from LAX to San Pedro cruise terminal to pick up our cruise.  The rate was very competitive. We told the dispatcher we would gladly share but as it turned out we were the only passengers both ways. Both drivers were very courteous and professional and right on time. I would definitely use them again.

Sav-On Shuttle is THE BEST!! Hands down the easiest and most reliable company I have worked with. 

I looked them up on Yelp when my ride to Long Beach Airport fell through last minute. It was so easy and convenient to book online. I also received text messages from John the CEO and Stacey my driver. 

Stacey arrived at our house exactly on time with the van, which was clean and large enough to hold all our luggage.  She was pleasant and easy to talk to. Got us to the airport safely with time to spare. I felt it was more like a friend was taking us than stranger.  

On our way back from our trip I decided call them again because of the great experience. ( and maybe because I was still a little angry at the person who should have taken us in the first place! ;) 

This time I just called the Sav-On Shuttle number, John answered and booked my shuttle in seconds. A few min later I text him with my flight info and received another message from Stacey during my layover to simply text her when I land and again when I have my bags. 

I did just that, and she was exactly on time and right where she said she would be. We were home safe and sound. 

I will ABSOLUTELY be CALLING Sav-On Shuttle again.  Such a personable experience. I love that. Thank you again John and Stacey!

Words can not describe how blessed I feel to have found this service!! I called John 3 days before our cruise during the New Year Holiday in desperate need of transportation for my family!! A party of 12 needed round trip transportation from the airport to Roscoes (Lol) to the cruise terminal... The price for the service was phenomenal! Stacey arrived at the airport on time and waited as we collected our bags from baggage claim. She was more than amazing in assisting with my 11 yo daughter who has a full leg cast. Stacey ate and conversed with our family as though she'd known us for years!!! Our drop off was smooth! On return a small part of our family took a earlier flight... Stacey was able to get them safely to the airport and make it back in time for the rest of us! We went back to Roscoes discussed our cruise, watched the game and headed to the airport!! To top off the amazing service already received... John called to ensure we'd made it home and enjoyed the service!! I will ALWAYS call when I'm in the area!!

First time tried shuttle services, and I decided to use this based on Yelp's review. John coordinated everything and able to communicate bpth on email and phone. 3 adults and 2 children and 8 luggages? No problem. Our driver (Stacey)was kind enough to help me with the baggages. They were so good that I ended up having them for drop off and pick up. Do yourself a favor, when you need to go to the airport especially an international one, do a shuttle service. Less hassle, you are not accident prone because of jet lag driving, and no worries about how your luggages going to fit in your car. I already recommended them to my in laws who travel by family too the next time they have a flight.

Our driver Art was so friendly and on time. Great and safe driver.  Got my son and I to the airport with lots of time.  I was very impressed with the service for my first time but not my last.  Hope we get Art on are way back.  Thank you!!

I don't travel much so i am not sure if the cost is high relative to others but i do know that the service is great. I booked a round trip from the San Gabriel valley to LAX and a trip back with them two weeks later and everything went smoothly. I needed a van that can carry ten passengers and they accommodated with plenty of luggage space to spare. 

Stacy, our driver, appeared 40 minutes early before our scheduled time and waited for us to get ready and we reached the airport early and on time. No problems. 

Our return trip was also Stacy and I sent her a text after I landed and texted her again when we were at the curb. It probably took her 20 minutes from my curb text for her to arrive. 

John was also very helpful in reserving my transportation and allowing me to call multiple times to double check that everything is great. I reserved 4 months in advance and i am a worry wart so i probably called 3 times to double check everything is okay and he was totally professional about it. 

Whenever i need a ride to LAX or elsewhere, i wouldnt think twice and use Sav-on again.

Sav-On Shuttle is the premier shuttle service that will fit your needs.

My experience with John the owner was very pleasant and professional. He is a very nice and caring gentlemen that I can trust with my life the very first time I met him. Customer service is outstanding and he is very entertaining. 

I will recommend my friends and family to his services.

John is / was awesome!!!!!!!
And so was our driver Bora !!!! Late yesterday I called John to get a fare quote to LAX airport 
very last-minuted !
 John gave me a very good quotes and the service was beyond exceptional. Our driver Bora was above and beyond ,he was extremely engaging  and had-my husband laughing which is  a miracle in it self.. !!!!!!
  So I am a satisfied customer 
And will certainly use this service again and recommend to others !!!!!'

Great service round trip from long beach to LAX. Picked up on time 5:30 am. Nice ride to terminal. On return our plane landed on time 11:30 pm and was delayed getting to the gate 30 min. Driver was already at LAX and we texted back and forth until he picked us up in 5 min when we were finally ready at 12:40. New mini van was great and driver was very helpful and nice. Telling all my friends to use this service.

A late post-----

Waltz picked me up from LAX on September 29, 2015. He was on time, and he is very nice and pleasant. I had the van all to myself. Didnt have to make any stops to pick up more people. Waltz knows how to entertain his clients. He is funny and a down to earth guy. I would recommend Waltz to be your driver. He is the bomb. Thanks again Sav-on Shuttle. Speed safe Watlz.

Best shuttle service in the LA &amp; LBC area. John immediately set me up for a pick up from my home. Stacey, our driver got us there on time, she knew how to get around the messy traffic in LAX . On our return trip, getting through Customs took a long time, and Stacey graciously waited until we  were ready &amp; in the meantime, assured me she'd be waiting for us. I would definitely recommend this shuttle service to friends &amp; family. It won't be the 1st or last time I use their services....Thanks John &amp; Stacey!!

We used Sav On for our recent Disneyland trip. When We flew into Long beach our shuttle was there waiting for us to take us to our hotel. The price was very reasonable and they were very reliable. They Even provided a car seat free of charge! When it was time to return to the airport there they were right on time to get us. Very professional. Will definitely use them again.

Book them for your airport transportation and book them NOW!!! These reviews do not lie, people! Our upcoming trip was approaching and i slighhhhhttttlyyyyy procrastinated with figuring out airport transportation from LGB to our hotel at Disneyland-- low and behold... I Yelp best transportation service in the Long Beach Area and up pops Sav-on-Shuttle with their OUTSTANDING REVIEWS! John, (the owner/rockstar that every reviewer mentions) answered my call and immediately put me at ease! I really enjoyed conversing with him about our kids and he totally understood the anxiety I had about our transportation needs since I didn't have luck up until then. But... You know what really got us though? THEY OFFER CAR SEATS!!! Omg talk about making my life easier! We hate lugging our 2 car seats around when traveling-- the car seats were super clean and looked new, like straight from the store status! Stacy was our driver and was prompt and very professional. Upon landing, I received a text from Stacy with instructions on the pick up after we grab our luggage from baggage claim. I cannot say enough about their services--- it's a NO BRAINER. They will be our go to transportation service from here on out! Thank you John and Stacy!!! Keep up the exceptional work :)

Sav-On is not just a shuttle service it is like dealing with family.  I first met John when I needed a ride for Long Beach Airport.  Not only was the pickup right on time, John also made note of my return flight and even though it arrived hours late, there was Sav-On just waiting for me...Now THAT is service.
A few months ago, I was injured and have a fractured ankle which will take months to heal.   I 
was not permitted to drive and since I commute to school I was prepared to drop out.  I decided to look for private transportation.  Turned down by everyone because of the distance.

Gave a call to John and he in turn gave me Alex...who does shuttle as well as cab service.  Three times a week Alex gets me to and from school ON TIME---never misses.  This service is superb.  Its saved me a year in lost school.  I am SO grateful that Sav-On shuttle exists.

Thank you John and Alex!!!!

RETURNING customer because of the great service by Stacy from San Pedro to LAX!  We travel from Chicago area and Highly recommend shuttle and plan to use them again &amp; again! Thanks Walt and Stacy for on time ride for our cruise!  Merry Christmas!

If you're looking for a high-quality shuttle, then Sav-On Shuttle is for you. My husband needed a direct ride back from his hotel to our home. However we only had one car parked in our hotel for me to drive back the next day because I was spending an extra night at the hotel. The nice thing about Sav-On Shuttle is that they only serve you. They do not pick up or drop off extra passengers beforehand. You do not have to share a ride with strangers. When you book Sav-On Shuttle, it is just you and the driver in the vehicle (or family members if you have any). 
I was amazed at how the driver showed up ten minutes early. The driver showed up in a van that was big enough to seat 12 passengers. My husband had the whole van all to himself. I liked how whenever I called up Sav-On Shuttle, John always picked up the phone and answered all my questions. When you book your service with Sav-On Shuttle, you will receive a confirmation e-mail. You also have the option to pay for your shuttle service online. It was nice having a quick, easy option to book a prepaid shuttle service online. John and the driver Walter were both very friendly and professional. I would highly recommend Sav-On Shuttle.

Prompt pick up, nice clean van with a friendly driver.  
I called today to schedule a ride and everything was handled in minutes.  I didn't have to wait on hold  for Prime Time!
I would highly recommend this Sav-On Shuttle Service
And plan on using them again!

Totally professional.  Used Sav-on for a carnival trip - Pasadena to Long Beach.  
I was a bit nervous because I had not heard of them.  They were life savers.  Driver (Sorry forgot his name) arrived 15 minutes early and waited patiently for my family.  3 adults, toddler and senior.  Bottomline: Saved money, no headaches, and they were completely professional.

They showed up 25 minutes late because they went to the wrong address in a different town. The driver didn't say two words to me until we were at the airport and then tried to charge me full price instead of the discount that the dispatcher told me I would receive. I wouldn't recommend and will not be using them again...ever.

Love these guys! Very friendly and professional. Used them to take my mom to and from lax to lb and vice versa.

On time, pleasant, professional. Great job guys! Oh and very reasonable! 65.00 for a party of 2 direct from lax to lb. Few dollars more to not have to deal with supershuttle type of outfits.. So worth it! Thx John!

I am so thankful with you guys, your service is awesome, very trustable and so easy to make business. I recommend it 100%.  Thank you so much  Stacy, besides our driver you  became our friend; I will see you next time for sure

This was as painless as it gets.
On time, awesome Customer Service, Polite Drivers and reasonably priced.
I found my new towncar/ shuttle service in Anaheim.
Highly recommend!

Regular visitor to Anaheim for business and Disneyland for pleasure!

I highly recommend Sav-on shuttle, nice driver and clean van.  Thank you John for accommodating us (12 passengers), from LGB Airport to Carnival Cruise Pier and vice versa  and thank you for your good service!  Kudos to you!

Sav-On Shuttle is the BEST!!!  Alex, our driver was awesome!  On time, friendly, and picked us up where ever we needed!  Thank you John (the owner) for hooking us up with Alex, and making our weekend cruise so easy!!  We will absolutely use you next time we are in Long Beach!!  Regards,  Mindy &amp; John  Seattle, WA

Lifesavers. Every time. They are fun, on time, easy to communicate with and have a great ride for my huge family whenever we need them!  Our life is better because they are in it and get us where we need to be.

Alex drove me from LAX to Costa Mesa. He was in contact before my flight to confirm all of the details and was ready as soon as I got off the plane. As a girl in my young twenties I was nervous at first about getting to my destination alone at 11pm. I never felt uncomfortable during my drive with Alex, he was absolutely amazing and very easy going. I plan to use Alex and Sav On Shuttle throughout the rest of my vacation in LA!

What an amazing experience. 
Stacy, the driver was at my pick up 15 minutes early allowing to me start out ahead of schedule. Had a great drive to LAX, settled the tab and boarded my plane. 
As I sat in my seat I realized that I had lost my keys. I emailed TSA to see if I had left them in Security. I also emailed Stacy, and within 5 minutes had a response that she had found them in the backseat. 

The story does not end here. Stacy went to Long Beach Airport where I was to fly into coming home from my trip. She spoke with JetBlue and even escalated the conversation to a supervisor so that she could leave my keys there so that they would be waiting for me upon departing my plane. 

What a great experience. I can't end without mentioning they also had the best rate by almost 20%. 


Sav-On is the best!

Ok this review is for first impressions! John returned my email timely. When I called he answered the phone no waiting. So first impressions A+ customer service.Pkup not till Thursday so to be continued.

Best shuttle service ever! Went on a cruise for my mom's 60th with 11 other ladies. John made us feel comfortable right from the start and got the party started! He even stopped at Bevmo on the way to the ship so we could purchase some bottles of champagne and wine for our cruise. Super funny and accommodating driver. Thank you so much for your services. We will definitely use again an recommend to friends.

I emailed John for a quote.  It's probably easier and faster if you call to get a quote.  After shopping around yelp, Sav-on shuttle was probably one of the cheaper ones.  My flight was delayed and I gave them a phone call and they said no worries. My flight was delayed for about 50 minutes and once I arrived I called them and the driver came within 5 minutes.  My driver Alex was great.  He was friendly.  I got a private compact car so that was awesome.  They accept credit card but 3% fee so probably cash is better.  Will use them again in the future.

The shuttle service arrived on time and setting up the arrival pickup was easy.  Stacy was very friendly and professional.  The van was clean and the provided toddler car seat worked out great.  Before booking Sav-On Shuttle I did contact 3 other 5 star rated companies, but I went with Sav-On because of the competitive price and because it's a private shuttle.  Stacy is a really sweet lady and made the airport transportation pleasant.  I do recommend that people bring cash to avoid the credit card processing fee.

Stacy was s fantastic driver! She arrived early to pick us up for our departure and was waiting at LAX  for us as our plane was landing. She was personable and professional. We really appreciated her kindness and reliability. This company is a great way to begin and end a vacation! I highly recommend them!

Another great trip with Sav-on shuttle. Perfect service...Walter did a super job...prompt, friendly. ..just the best.....looking forward  to our next trip...thank you

I was very pleased with the service of this company!! Driver Alex was wonderful. He was on time (actually a tad early) and his driving skills made me feel safe and comfortable. On the way to my destination Alex was pointing out different interesting stores, restaurants, and tourist attractions. Whenever I need transportation again in the Long Beach/LA area I would certainly use SAV ON again. Great customer service and value!!

Easy and convenient. Stacy was our driver going to LAX and when we came back home to Long Beach. We are planning another trip in March and will be booking with Sav On again.
Thanks to John and Stacy for a worry free shuttle service.

After reading through the reviews, we have decided to book the shuttle service with them. They have arrived at our home right on time to pick us up. While coming back from our trip, I only had a chance to email them in the last minute while we were in the fight. I thought they may not able to pick us up from the airport. But John was right there in the airport waiting for us. Thanks John for the wonderful service!

I don't usually write reviews and recommend on Yelp but I think Sav On Shuttle and its owner, John deserves this excellent review. I've used Sav On Shuttle since 2008 for family vacation airport drop offs and pick ups and everytime they have always delivered (no pun intended). It's a smaller company who values customer service. It's easy to make an appointment. They are always on time and they have the most courteous drivers. John personally answers  phone calls, texts and emails. He makes sure that all your needs are taken care off to make your trip as hassle free as possible. He picked us up yesterday from a Cabo trip on a Friday rush hour and boy how I made the greatest decision ever to have Sav On pick us up from LAX to OC. Kudos to you John and Sav On! Keep up the great work!

I just called and made reservations even late at night and the fellow I talked to was so polite!  I told him I am disabled and have a walker and he said he would bring his most comfortable car.  I have not even ridden with them yet and I am already a fan.  Hope the ride is as good as the customer service is.

We used Savon Shuttle for the first time November 2015. John, the owner, was great to deal with, our drivers were Walt and Stacy. Both were on time and professional. We've used other car services in the past and found that punctuality getting to the airport was not the problem, it was being picked up timely from the airport that we've had problems; sometimes waiting 45 minutes or more for a car I had reserved several months in advance. So must say we were totally surprised and overjoyed when Stacy was there at the curb within minutes of our emerging from baggage claim. Yes we received a text from her, yes I texted back with our status from the plane and through baggage claim, but this time the driver was responsive and present. We will definitely use Savon Shuttle again.

This company is wonderful! We used them for friends &amp; family, numerous times over the last week, adding &amp; changing schedules &amp; they were always on time, professional &amp; pleasant! John, the owner, is helpful &amp; courteous &amp; our drivers, Walt &amp; Stacey were great!
Go nowhere else!

Used the shuttle service in November for a ride from Santa Ana to LAX and back again. Setting up my shuttle was very last minute but the man I spoke with on the phone was great! He was very accommodating and friendly. 

My first shuttle arrived early, which was great except I wasn't quite ready to go. I did think it was a little silly that they sent a huge passenger van for just one person. And the driver barely spoke to me, which was fine. 

My pick up from LAX was great. Alex was waiting for me when I landed. He was very friendly and we chatted most of the way back to Santa Ana. 

This company was almost half the price of all the other shuttle companies that I called, which was awesome. Do watch out though- I was charged a fee for using a credit card when I was taken to LAX that I was not informed about ahead of time. Might be best to use cash if you can.

Another perfect airport pick up from Savon Shuttle. This time our driver was Walt; very personable and patient. Our flight landed on time but we had a mishap w/ one of our suitcases in baggage claim so it caused and extended delay for the pick up. No issue, they waited and were very kind about it. Van was clean and comfortable and price was reasonable. We will definitely use their services again

8/13/16 Stacy picked us up early 15 min GREAT service and friendly...  arrived to LAX with plenty of time... =)    8/20/16   John picked us up on time our plane (was 1hr delayed) and he waited and called us to make sure...   Great service will highly recommend them... will definitely use them again.  =)...  I was recommend by a friend..  A++

Sav-On Shuttle made our vacations so much easier. Stacey were on time when she picked our family of 7 from home, and Stacey was on time when she had to pick us up from LAX after our trip! All I had to do was just text our driver Stacey when we landed, and once more when we got our luggage. Her timing was so perfect, that we didn't even have to wait at all! Once we walked out of the airport, Stacey was waiting for us by the curb! 
I will definitely recommend Sav-On Shuttles for any family in need of transportation...they are AMAZING!!!

A family of 10 traveling to LAX.... Stacey was there a few minutes early - great driver &amp; great customer service!!! 
 I text Stacey when we arrived from our vacation &amp; she said she was already there... 
10 happy passengers!!!  We will definitely use Sav-On Shuttle again!!! THANKS STACEY FOR MAKING IT SUPER EASY TO GET TO LAX &amp; BACK HOME

Great service!! Prompt, polite and clean with prices as promised.  Picked us up at 3am in Tustin on way to Europe and were there at LAX to pick us up for return flight. Will use again!!

We used Sav on shuttle for a ride from LAX to the Long Beach Harbor for our cruise. Stacey was our driver and she was right on time and stayed in touch with us when we arrived and came as soon as we called when we came off the cruise. Their pricing was good and we had our own private van. We definitely recommend them and would use them again. There were 10 of us on our trip....

I had excellent service with sav-on shuttle from beginning to end. I needed round trip from Costa Mesa to LAX. The communication was excellent and they were on time with each leg of the trip. Both drivers were very nice and took care of the luggage for me. It was so nice to walk out with my luggage and have the driver be right there to pick us up. Great service, clean vans, food prices and great communication. I would definitely use them again and recommend them to anyone needing transportation. :)

FINALLY!!
just  this past October, my family and I were able to successfully complete some travel plans! This time we were headed to NYC via LBC--LAS VEGAS going, and LBC-- via NYC / JFK--SEATTLE coming...SAV-ON SHUTTLE ***JOHN and STACY*** really really really came through for us! Our whole time and experience with them was GREAT!!! They were FANTASTIC from start to finish-- With: Communication, Professionalism, Confirmation, Pricing, Timeliness, Friendliness, VERY Accomodating!!...Vehicle was in tip-top shape, and brand new. John makes sure you are taken care of, over the phone. Stacy came waay early to pick us up, (like 5:00PM for a 5:30PM reservation) and just waited patiently until we came out to put our bags in the van. THANK YOU GUYS SOOO MUCH!! You will be hearing from us for ALL of Our future travel plans : ))

On time, clean vehicle, friendly service, reasonably priced. We'll use them again going to long beach airport

Awesome service.. Stacey had great communication with us and was there when we got off the plane.  She was also there within minutes after we debarked the cruise ship.  Definitely will use Sav-On Shuttle again.

I've used several shuttle service before and Sav-On Shuttle is the best by far. 
I was very satisfied with their friendly and reliable customer service 
and flawless transaction. 
My driver was Stacey and she was very prompt and caring.  
She texted me right before I got off the plane to let me know 
she was at the airport and I was picked up with no waiting time.  
Highly recommended!

We will never call anyone else except Sav-0n Shuttle.  On the phone right when I called the professionalism and superior customer service was obvious! His knowledge of the area was evident, I told him our airlines and flight times and he was on it right away! They were early and waiting to pick up 10 people and all their luggage with not one problem! So reliable!

Just want to say that Sav-On Shuttle is the way to go!  Made our reservation about six weeks in advance with John.  On the day of our departure, Stacy our driver was on time if not a few minutes early which was great since we were ready to go.  Stacy got us to LAX on time and was waiting for us upon our return.  She kept in contact with us via texting and was there when we walked out of the doors.  Stacy is very nice and would definitely choose her again for our shuttle needs.  Thanks Stacy, you're awesome!!!!!

Great Service, competitive prices and super friendly.  I would recommend this company to everyone needing shuttle service.....

Sav-On Shuttle really took care of me recently. My family and I were going to Hawaii for a couple of weeks and had a ton of luggage. We didn't want to drive ourselves and have to pay for parking and, even if we did, our luggage wouldn't have fit. 

I looked into shuttles and found Sav-On online. They were close to our pick up point and had good reviews, so why not? They were easy to work with-online reservation and a phone call to confirm (from John), Stacey arrived early on the pickup date (from home to LAX) as well as the arrival to LAX on our return (which was a 430am arrival on a Monday morning). By the way, there was plenty of room for us (3 adults, 2 children in car seats) and our luggage (3 very large suitcases, carry-ons, plus 2 sets of golf clubs)!

It went smoothly, was a fair price, and the service was excellent. It was a great experience for me without a single hiccup. I'll definitely be calling them again!

The van arrived early on 11/12/15 and the driver was professional and friendly.  Since I was the only passenger we arrived to LAX quickly.  On the way home on 11/15/15 Alex the driver texted me before I got off the plane to let me know he was waiting for me.  He was friendly and professional and got me home quickly.  The service was great and I would use them again.

Writing a review even though I didn't end up using service but since customer service was so great thought IDE leave a lil review! I completely forgot about transport from LAX to long beach so last minute scrambling to find something. Emailed and received reply shortly after from John. Since I was so last minute there wasn't anything available for a while but john was so kind to recommend two other companies , one of which I went with. Thank you for the help!

Stacy from Savon Shuttle was simply amazing! She was informative and most importantly she was on time. She kept on informing me of when she would arrive. She was at the airport within 5 minutes. She's a joy! You won't be disappointed when you book with them!

So very thankful that Sav-on Shuttle is there to take our college-student to the airport to come home! They've been extremely reliable, super courteous, and downright cheerful. If you have any problems with the website, don't hesitate to call them directly. Great customer service.

John and his wife are hella nice! They are cool people! This is actually my second time riding with this company and each time has been great! From LAX to Long Beach port for our group of 19 people, we had 2 vans that were very clean and new! 

John is funny, he kept us entertain during our ride! He was on time for pick up/drop off, he even waited PATIENTLY for one of our members while she was dealing with her lost baggage at the airport and also made 2 extra stops for us at NO extra charge! Now that's great customer service! I would definitely recommend him to anyone who needs a ride!

In response to the owner:

Just like on the incident date, John has his facts wrong.  However, this time he seems to be intentionally lying, where as the first time seemed like an honest mistake on his part.

Let's fact check his response:
1. He would have been on time, if we hadn't canceled our reservation two months prior.

2. We never triple booked reservations, we didn't even double book reservations. We reserved with him initially, but after he failed to confirm our reservation after several requests, we canceled our reservation with him. (The cancelation was confirmed by John via email.) 

3. The ordeal didn't take two minutes, as John claims,  but more like ten, most of which we were being held in his car, in motion with him telling us that he was going to take us to our destination regardless, and that we were going to have to pay. (All the while, My husband is demanding to be let out of the car, and even had his cell phone out to call the police, because John was not letting us out of the car.)

4. After he tried to pick us up after the canceled reservation, we forwarded him the cancelation email (and cancelation confirmation.) Funny that he didn't mention that in his response. 

5.  He's since edited his public response to my review to make it look more favorable.  


This was not what we expected from such a highly rated business on yelp. Which is why we thought it was important to share our experience.  We didn't necessarily expect an apology after confirming that he was the one who made the mistake, but we also didn't expect him to get on Yelp and lie to try to save face. He could have come out looking great with a simple apology or acknowledgement of the mix up, but obviously, customer service isn't his strong point. 

It is unfortunate the unprofessional behavior that has been the common theme behind the actions of the owner of this company, and we strongly urge anyone considering using SavOn shuttle to research other companies (such as ExecuCar/SuperShuttle) before booking with this one. Who knows, you might cancel and be forced to pay twice. 

Yikes.

Had Stacy from Sav-on shuttle pic is up to go to LAX. She was right on time and very personable. Rates were also great. Definitely recommend this shuttle service.

SAV-ON Shuttle was the best shuttle service we ever used. We were picked up in Anaheim and dropped off at LAX on time. No hassles booking, got a confirmation, and a phone call to double check our pick up time. Thanks to Stacy for a comfortable ride and great conversation. Much mahalos and we will be sure to be giving you a call again.

Been using Sav-on for about two years now - they are super reliable - I appreciate that John (owner) confirms any reservations and changes that I make right away via text -- takes my worries away.   Vans are clean and drivers efficient - I change flights often due to work and this company is always friendly and reliable when I do that.

Terrific shuttle service.  I made my reservation online and called beforehand to ask a few questions.  They were easy to contact over the phone and were very helpful in determining a good pick-up time.  (My online reservation didn't say what time they were going to pick me up, so make sure you confirm that.)

From Irvine Marriott to LGB, it was only $50 + tax.  They arrived 5 minutes early.  It was so convenient to pay with a credit card on the spot (They use a smartphone to swipe it upon drop-off).  They accept changes/cancellations of rides up to 4 hours before your scheduled time.

Great shuttle services.  John even waited for us when our luggage didn't arrive and we had to file a claim, which took an additional two and a half hours!  Thank goodness, as we had been traveling for over thirty-five hours.  I will definitely use their service again!  Thank you, John!

I had a very positive experience. The owner, John, picked me up from LGB right on time and brought me to my door in Culver City for $59. He even waited to make sure I got in safely as it was late at night. 

They don't do shared shuttles, so this is personal door-to-door service. The price is the same as a shared van with other companies, so I consider this a deal.

I would recommend and will be using them again!

Called them at the last minute.  John was so helpful, price was reasonable.  The driver was prompt and charged us exactly what was quoted.  Will call them again when I am in the area.

Stacy was prompt for our ride to the airport, even arriving a bit early, and is a good (safe) driver. When we returned from our trip she was on-time for our pickup at the airport and responsive to our text messages. Clean vehicles in good condition.

With another couple, my husband and I planned a vacation in Cancun. Early morning departure, and return flight to arrived back at LAX about 11pm.  After reading the poor reviews from the usual LAX shuttle companies, especially for the return trips, I knew their shortcomings would be a horrible end to a great vacation. 

I found Sav-On Shuttle through YELP and booked them. The cost for a private van, (including a separate pickup for our friends in Lakewood) was only about $20 per person more round trip, something I knew we would gladly pay to avoid the aggravation of being stranded in the middle of the night after a very long flight.

Because we did not share the van, our pickup and drop off times were better. The service was excellent, the booking was easy, and I will definitely call them again!

They are the best and most honest transportation company I have ever used. We needed a shuttle to take us from the OC to the cruise terminal in LA. We also need carseats and booster seats for the two kids which you won't get without an extra charge and a lot of hemming and hawing from the big companies like Supershuttle. Their rates were extremely competitive and they threw in the car seats free of charge. Very prompt service with a confirmation call before they come pick you up. We also used them on the way home from a late arriving flight to LAX. Will definitely use them again!

I was traveling to Disneyland with my small children and was looking for a shuttle company to provide transportation to the hotel from the airport who provided car seats for them. Sav-On Shuttle provided car seats and charged us less for private shuttle service than we found elsewhere for group shuttle service. Our flight time changed several times and they handled the changes perfectly. Stacey was our driver for both the arrival and return shuttle trips and she was prompt, professional and friendly. We will certainly book with Sav-On Shuttle for our next trip to Disneyland and would recommend them to anyone looking for fantastic shuttle service at a great price.

Fast, professional, &amp; easy to book :-).  Used to downtown long beach from LB airport.  Stacey drove me both times and was prompt, courteous, and gave some good travel info.

My family received AMAZING service from John and Johnny!  Right off the bat he was easy to communicate with and answered all of my questions.  We required a few transports and they fulfilled each of them on-time, in a clean van with great service and conversation.  We needed car seats too and they even were able to provide those for us as well.  With a family of 6 it was GREAT having private transportation at a reasonable price.  They were very dependable and accommodating...book them!

The Gilmores :)

I would recommend Sav-on shuttle!! I organized a trip for 15 of us students to LA. We booked the dates but had rough estimate times of when and where for pick up and drop off, but John let us solidify the times basically the day before/a few days prior. They're very flexible and will drive you basically anywhere: we stayed in Santa Monica and went to Disney Land, Six Flags, Camarillo Premium Outlets (thanks - it was quite the trip) and also to and from the airport. 

They were great with our last minute changes, which we had quite a few of:
- In the end, one person rented a car so we canceled the double shuttles for some of the days (each shuttle holds 10 max).  
- There were also times where we called to be picked up earlier than we originally planned and they came as soon as they could
- At the far outlet mall, we asked to extend the time and it costed us ~$30 which was fine as we just split it between ourselves - a few dollars each

They dealed with all of these last minute things in a polite and professional manner!
We got John the first day and he was very funny and welcoming and the rest of the trip we got his wife (sorry I forgot your name). It was very convenient that we got her number for those early and extended pick up times. They were always on time/early for us, and texted/called to let us know they arrived and would be ready whenever we were. 

All in all, very good shuttle service! Thanks John

Great experience!  Always on time (early most of the time) and great service.  The only shuttle service I use!

We were vacationing at Disney and needed to get to Santa Monica on short notice.  Our driver Walt was outstanding, the vehicle was clean and spacious, and the cost was very reasonable for transporting a family of 5 on a 60 minute drive.  Very pleased with Sav-On.

I have used this company before SAV-ON Shuttle Service is one of the best out there they get you there safely and on time  very friendly workers who cares about their customers.

I had an excellent experience with an early morning airport ride from downtown LA to LAX. The driver (Johnny) was prompt, polite, friendly and helpful. He drove safely and efficiently. I would recommend Sa'von without hesitation and look forward to using them the next time I am in LA.

Top notch!

I have been using Sav-on Shuttle for almost 5 years.  We have used them more times than I can count.  Jon and Stacy are the best! Very accommodating in every aspect, multiple pickup/drop off locations, provide car seats for infants and children, you name it; service is the very important to them. 

Always on time, in fact a few times on early flights (we usually travel early) I've found them waiting for us 30 minutes early.

This is nothing like those other shuttle services, we always have the van/town car to ourselves.  Always clean, and drivers always courteous and drive very safely.

 I recommend everyone to Sav-on Shuttle!

We used Sav-On Shuttle to go to LAX from Long Beach and again for the return trip a week later. Walt was our driver for both trips. He was courteous, friendly, punctual and drove safely. I will definitely be calling them for future transportation.

On time pick up,  easy processing of my order, friendly staff and drivers! Prices were cheaper than the other shuttle service. Will be back to use you guys again on my next long beach cruise.

I would highly recommend John and Sav-on Shuttle. John , the owner, is a true professional. He was on time for our pickup in Irvine (actually early and communicated to us to take our time) to Long Beach Airport. John also picked us up from Long Beach Airport when we returned from our trip and once also on time, professional and communicated throughout the process. Exceptional service with the emphasis on his customer and very reasonable rate. $60/ 1 way from Irvine to Long Beach Airport. I have no hesitation to use John and Sav-on Shuttle for future bookings.

I  came to Yelp to read up on reviews.  I worried my shuttle would be late and prepared to have a backup. My pick up time was 8:15am, but was changed to be earlier - 8:05am from a LAX  (as requested). I arrived 15 minutes early and the driver was already sitting and waiting there.  I was his first pick up. We departed from LAX perfectly on time and headed to pick up the next person.  No issues from my side -  John and Stacey was very polite , I fell asleep on the ride to the destination . Arrived earlier than the reservation stated. No hassles, no stress. I will used them in my future trips Thanks to John the owner ......

Excellent service, on time and provided car seat. Will definitely use again for trips to socal. Thank you!!!!

6 of us needed to go from home in South Bay to LAX.  After some research, we called Sav-On, who had the best price for an SUV.  Wasn't sure about quality of service from the low-price service, but it turned out to be a great experience all around.  Driver arrived right on time, was friendly and a safe driver. Vehicle was clean and in good condition.  Received an email that same day, asking if driver arrived on time.  After returning, John called to followup to get feedback on our experience - which I never expected.  Great experience all around - would definitely use them again in the future.

At 11pm the night prior I realised I had forgotten to book a shuttle to meet us at LAX to Huntington. Luckily John answered the phone &amp; assured me he could arrange a driver.
As we awaited our luggage I received a text advising me our drivers name &amp; contact number and asked that we call him once we had our luggage.
We rang Chris &amp; 10min later he pulls up in his clean Suburban with a big smiling face.
Having travelled from NZ there was not much more we could ask for.
Great communication from John, clean car, big smile, water &amp; an informative friendly Chris.
Great way to star a holiday - thanks

John is the Man!!!
We had an early pickup time to LAX- Sunday 4:45 AM - and noticed that close to our pickup time, no one was coming, nor did anyone call us to coordinate.  I called in to check, and there was no record of a pick for our group.  We panic and requested an emergency transportation of some kind so that we can make our cruise in Seattle.  To make the long story short, we were able to make it to the airport on time, and was able to enjoy our trip.  All thanks to his hustle!  But the main point of this scenario is that this was my fault...  I had booked the pickup for the wrong date.  Before this was realized, John offered to pay for the pickup, the return shuttle ride, and sincerely apologized for the mix up...  Even when it was clear I had it booked for the wrong date, there was no, I told you so, nor remarks to humble me...  But just a sense relief that we were able to make it to our flight.,  When I booked the return pickup, he remembered us, and personally came to pick us up.  I can tell from our personal interaction that he is a real stand up guy.  I sincerely recommend him and his company.   Saved my hide, and also allowed us to enjoy our family vacation.  Thank you Mr. John.

I have been using Sav-on shuttle for my family vacations for several years. They have always been on time, extremely professional, and customer friendly regardless of the time of pick up or drop off.  I now use Sav-on shuttle for my business needs as well.  I travel quite a bit, sometimes on short notice.  I can always count on them for not only their  reliability and professionalism but also their punctuality.  Their prices are extremely competitive. I have suffered through unreliable taxi services and bad service with other companies.  They are now my "go to" company.  The owner, John, is extremely professional, friendly, and customer focused.   You cannot go wrong with Sav-on shuttle. I highly recommend them.

I inquired several shuttle and bus companies and Sav-On gave the best price from the Carnival Cruise port to Long Beach Airport. I ended up having to call instead of book online because the reservation wasn't 24 hours in advance and when I confirmed the price of $29, I was told it was actually only going to be $28. Even better! :D They were responsive, on time, and the driver was very friendly. Unfortunately, we forgot his name! I remember he drove van #500 though and I THIIINK it was John. I also noticed a baby car seat on one of the seats so yes they do care about your baby!

I took this shuttle to and from LGB and I was very impressed by their efficiency, cost value, and customer service experience. The drivers were very punctual and pleasant, and I was the only person in the van on both trips. 

But what really made this shuttle company stand out was the quality of their customer service. I needed receipts so that I can get the cost reimbursed by my employer, and we have very strict regulations in regards to reimbursements: the receipt has to be very official and include all necessary details. John (the owner) was very patient and helpful in getting me the receipts I needed. I really appreciated his help and I will certainly use this shuttle service again in the future.

Got picked up and dropped off by Stacy.  What a great driver.  She was very accommodating since we were late by a few minutes.  She was very pleasant to talk to and the van was exceptionally clean and well maintained.  Definitely will use this business again in the future.

I had a choice between Sav-On and Super Shuttle.  Never have taken super shuttle, but yelp reviews were AWFUL.  Sav-On Shuttle had best reviews, and boy were they right!  This is a small company, and the owner was my driver.  SUPER nice guy, called to say he was going to be 10 minutes late, but no big deal.  Got to the airport with plenty of time to spare.  I used the service to go from Long Beach to LAX.  I had a private town car--I felt like a celebrity! But without the celebrity price.  As with many things in the world, you get what you pay for: Sav-On is a bit more expensive than Super Shuttle, but it's totally worth it!

John the owner got in touch with me by email and phone right after my posting.  He took my issue very serioiusly.
Unfortunately he had relied on another company for our ride, and they messed up.
Being in the service business myself, I know how things can sometimes go wrong when you rely on others.
John is looking after this matter to my complete satisfaction and I am sure that my problem will not re-occur.
Give John and Sav-On a try.  They really do care about your safe and efficient transportation.

This is one of those places I love yelp for.  I had been using 24-7 ride because they were the cheapest nonstop (single) ride to the airport.  But after three years of ditching me at the airport upon return, they struck out.  I found this place through yelp and price wise was actually a few bucks cheaper than 24-7 ride.  But they were easy to contact, no long waits on hold, the driver showed up at my house way early and said he'd wait downstairs as long as I needed and the same guy was already waiting at the airport when I called as I walked towards baggage claim upon return.  Best priced of the single rides from Santa Monica to Long Beach Airport (LGB).  Although only used once, service was exceptional and I intend to use them again, at least when it's on my dime.

If you need a shuttle, and if you like excellent service and fantastic prices -- then this is the shuttle service for you.  We were actually fortunate enough to have John (the owner) driving us this morning at o'dark early from Orange County to Long Beach Airport.  He was on-time, incredibly personable, and we were there with time to spare.  Making a reservation on the internet is a snap, they get right back to you with a confirmation and pick-up time, and they beat Super Shuttle prices all to pieces.  

This will be our shuttle of choice from now on.

Great service!  Picked up right on time.  Nothing fancy van wise.  But got us there safely and the price is Great!!!

i am so impressed i am going to leave a follow up review. on the trip home we got into florida. on a whim i thought id call John to see if he was still operating at 10:30 PM. He was. Thisis where it gets good.
After a long travel day, we get to LAX, get our bags, walk out the front doors, and there is John, doors open, smile, and a hearty WELCOME HOME.
Thats service,!!

The only reason I'm giving a generous 2 stars is because we didn't end up using the service because John did not reply to my pointed questions.  He was quick to reply to my email for the rate (from OC to Long Beach airport, then LAX back to OC), however didn't respond to either of my other emails (sent literally minutes and hours later respectively) until after the requested service date.  After receiving the rate, I read further into the reviews prior to booking and saw that he contracts out some of his work with less than impressive results.  I immediately emailed asking if he was intending to contract out the ride and also what type of vehicle I could expect.  Normal questions, right?  No reply.  Later that day I sent a follow-up email, no reply.  The day after the intended service date I received an email stating he was having email issues.  You be the judge.  Ask before you book, I'm sure glad I did.

Found Sav-On through Yelp and was not let down.  Booked fairly late for a family trip which involved taking two kids (a one and a half year old and three and a half year old) to LAX in the early morning.  Booking was a snap and I received a confirmation call a few hours later.  Stacey arrived early and patiently helped us get all of our stuff together and pack the kids into the van.  The van was quiet, very clean, and gave us all the room we needed.  Stacey helped keep the kids entertained during the ride and we made it all smiles!  On the way back, I got a text from Stacey to confirm our arrival and update our new flight number as it had changed at some point.  Stacey picked us up and, again, helped us with all of our stuff and the kids who had been on the road for close to 12 hours.  On the way home on the 405 in the middle of evening traffic, my little girl thought she needed to use the restroom.  Stacey quickly found an exit and a restroom within minutes - for a false alarm!  Anyhow, we continued and realized we had no groceries and would need to order dinner.  Stacey offered to take us by the Thai restaurant so that we could pick up our order on our way home!  Stacey was awesome!  Service was Awesome!  I could not recommend Sav-On any more highly!!

As a San Franciscan who has multiple means to get to the airport quickly and for a decent price, I was mortified by the prices and reviews I saw for different shuttle companies in LA.  Words like "never showed up" "missed flight" and "broke down" were words I read a little too often.   Flying into Long Beach is lovely except for getting to downtown LA.  Luckily I had a friend pick me up--but on the way back I put my faith into another Yelper and called Sav-On Shuttle.  Stacy ,who was my driver was lovely.  She called early in the morning, confirmed my pick-up time, and when I realized my hotel was near the finish line for the LA Marathon, was willing to shift my pick-up time to a little earlier so I wouldn't be late to the airport.

She was an excellent driver and having a whole van to myself seemed a little silly~ I just have to remember it was LA where carpool is 2 people LOL.  The van doesn't have advertising on it (or at least hers didn't) So if they are picking you up, be sure you are visible.  

The cost from downtown LA to Longbeach was $59.00 one way.  It was way cheaper per direction if you went both ways.  Since I was traveling solo, I don't know if they charge per person in the van or not.

In any case, I will totally use them again, the next time I find myself in LA.  If you find yourself in the same situation as me, now you have two SF yelpers to trust about this company!

Spoke to the owner to make the reservation. He told us over the phone exactly what the fare would be. It was exactly as stated. 

Stacey, the driver, showed up about 10 minutes early (a bonus -- we weren't left wondering if someone would show up). We weren't quite ready, so she patiently waited until we were. The drive to the airport was uneventful. She dropped us curbside as promised.

The return pickup was just as good. We were instructed to call once we had our luggage. Stacey had arrived early and was parked in a nearby parking lot. When I called, I was told she would be there within 5 minutes -- and she was -- picking us up curbside. Again, an uneventful ride back home.

Stacey was very courteous, talking when we started the conversation and remaining quiet during the other times. Sometimes you just want to zone out a little, especially on the ride back home, and she allowed us to do that.

Would highly recommend. We will absolutely use Sav-on Shuttle again!

Yes, I am back from my bi-yearly trip from Disneyland and this time, four kiddies in tow (three are mine). We have been using John every year since I wrote my first review 3 years ago. We always ask for John to pick us up from LGB airport. This last trip we took our kids, the inlaws, the nephews (we were a big group). It takes us forever to to get out to the curb with luggage, strollers, trying to figure out where the kids are wandering, yelling at them to come back. Anyway, John was a welcome face, always smiling, and waiting for us to arrive. 

Patiently waiting. 

He showed up in a huge 8 seater van (with carseats). Everyone was tired and hungry (especially the kids) so he made a stop to Vons so we could pick up some food for our condo (and our much needed alcohol .... hey we were in D-Land for 4 days with screaming kids!! LOL! :)) 

John likes to talk while he drives (at least with us), but you know what, maybe it's his way of storytelling of events that have taken place (or about to) in his life but he has us rolling with laughter all the time. This makes for an enjoyable ride! I just can't stand drivers who drive in silent. or grunt when you ask them a question, or spend the whole time yelling to other drivers on the phone. I usually sit shotgun on all rides because I am claustrophobic so I end talking to the driver a lot. hee hee! 

Anyway, we will continue to support John. Can't beat his price either. He is the lowest, by far, for shuttle service.

Happy Travelers! My husband and I recently booked Sav-on Shuttle to transport our family to and from the John Wayne airport. We were traveling to Iowa to visit my husband's family and didn't want to have to pack with us additional car seats so Sav-On shuttle provided them for us. Not only was this service dependable but it was family friendly. Stacy was our driver both times and she was fantastic! She showed up on time each way and helped us carry our bags to the shuttle. Overall, my husband and I are very pleased with our recent experience and would highly recommend Sav-On shuttle to others.... :)

I would highly recommend this shuttle service!  I had the good fortune of talking with John W. (owner) during the ride.  We talked about the importance of customer service and Sav-On shuttle definitely delivered a high quality experience.

Time has value and this business understands the importance of your time.  

He was 10 minutes early, but did not make me feel rushed.  He drove very safely and even shared that he ensures all his drivers are safe as well (i.e.  Texting and talking in cell phones is NOT allowed for these drivers).

I trusted him enough to pay for my return trip up front.  This company is a solid example of small local business owners doing a great job.

Keep up the good work.

I had a family of 13 people to coordinate getting to and from LAX.  Sav-on shuttle provided competitive rates, on time service, and really friendly and accommodating drivers.  I booked them by strictly reading the reviews on Yelp, and I was glad I did it because their service was wonderful.  I'll be using them for all future shuttle needs.

We are so pleased with Sav-on Shuttle and want everyone to know what excellent service they provided to us on a recent trip Oct. 10-18, 2014.  Making our reservations went smoothly and we were even provided an email confirmation.  Stacy picked us up at the exact time scheduled, with the baby car seat in the vehicle as we requested......that was a big relief!  We got to the airport in plenty of time for our flight, no stress.  As we were waiting to depart the return flight for our trip home, Stacy texted us to confirm our flight number and told us where she would meet us at the pick up site.  She was both courteous and friendly and we especially appreciated her promptness, both ways.  The shuttle was a very nice van, very clean and the cost was if not comparable, less expensive than others.  We will definitely be recommending and using their services again!

With all of the negative comments left for just about all other shuttles out there, we chose Sav-on Shuttle because of the high recommendations here on Yelp. We were not disappointed.  

Even though  we were not ready at 4am (which was our time for pick up) the driver was very cordial and was not cross with us. While traveling to LAX (from LB - $49 total for the two of us) he was friendly and approachable and made our early morning trip pleasant. 

We will definitely use Sav-on Shuttle again when shuttle service is required.

First time using Savon Shuttle and the driver, Stacey, was wonderful.  She texted me one hr. before pick-up and again when arriving at my door.  Drove me to the airport on time and on my return, texted me when landing and was waiting me at the airport.  i will definitely use this company again.

First, I picked Sav-on shuttle based on Yelp's rating so I thought I would be in good hands.  Oh boy, was I wrong!  I called John and left a message and he quickly returned my phone call.  We agreed on the price, roundtrip from Orange County to LAX at 95/each way.  The driver was prompt and professional.  We got to LAX with time to spare.  When I handed over 95 + tip, the driver told me it's $100 because they have to pay $5 airport fee.  I told her I was not informed and this was not my first time using the shuttle.  None of them ever charged me for the fee before.  I am aware of the airport fee but that should be taken care by the company not the customer.  It's only $5 but I did not think it was right to let me know at the last minute.  I should be given a choice  when we first negotiated the price.  
Anyway, I confirmed with the driver for the pick up time in a week.  After we landed @ LAX, I called Sav-on to let them know I've arrived.  The line was busy and this was 11pm on Sunday.  I tried to call many times, but couldn't get through.   My friends and I just went out to the front and got another private shuttle from Primetime for almost the same price @ 107.00  I assumed the reason they didn't pick up the phone because I didn't want to pay my airport fee.  Oh well,  now I know what to ask for or drive myself to the airport.

9/27/2012
Update:  I would like to write a follow up with my recent review.  John, the owner, had reached out to me after he read the review.  As he explained there was some glitch with the phone company and he had called them to find out what happened.  John also offered to reimburse my expense for the inconvenience.  He promptly sent me a check and offered a free ride for our next trip.  I really appreciate his gestures for going out of his way to please his customers.  I honestly did not expect him to call me and tried to work it out.  With all due respect, he did try to call my cell the following day but I didn't bother to answer his calls as I was still very upset.  I am glad everything worked out at the end.  I definitely would use his services again.  BTW, I am not going to cash his check.

We arranged for Sav-on Shuttle to transport 6 of us from Santa Monica to the Port of Los Angeles to meet a cruise ship.  John was our driver; he was prompt, efficient, pleasant.  The price was very fair and we were extremely pleased with the service.

I called Sav-on Shuttle at 5:30 AM the day of my flight to have them pick me up that same day from LAX at around 10 AM and the owner came to pick me up on time and was very friendly. We chatted the whole way and I was the only person in the van. It cost $59 from LAX to Beverly Hills, which I guess is about average for a shuttle in LA (I would have given 5 stars if the price was lower) and tipped him 20% because of the great service. Will use them again!

We were very happy with the service received when Sav-on shuttle took our family of four to Long Beach Airport from an Anaheim hotel in early March. The mini van was clean and on time (a few minute early in fact) and they had remembered the booster seat for our five year old. The driver (also the owner) was courteous and friendly and gave us handy information on the way as we chatted about a wide range of things. He seemed to have a positive and enthusiastic attitude to his business, customers and employees. We would definitely recommend this service to other customers and would go again ourselves of course!
FROM: Family in Australia

We used this service 2x,,last year and this year,,excellent service!!always on time.. clean. nice smelling van..we went to Long Beach for a carnival cruise... John is so professional.. he picked us  up from Fullerton, california march 20, 2014.

I had a reservation to go to LAX from Irvine with them.  They never showed up.  However, this was not the company's fault, a driver overslept.

The CEO of the company went out of his way to remedy the situation, paying for the cab I had to call to get me to the airport and giving me a free ride from the airport.  That ride went well.

This company really cares about customer service, and I would recommend them.

After reading Lauren W's review, I decided to try Sav-On Shuttle from Long Beach to South Orange County. All I ask from a shuttle service is to be there on time and give me a good price and Sav-On delivered on both.

Upon arrival into LGB we walked a few feet to the shuttle booth and the driver was waiting there and ready to go. We booked with John and he gave us a much better price than Super Shuttle. We will be using Sav-On from now on.

I am very happy with Sav On Shuttle. They are very punctual and Professional. They are reliable. I highly recommend them.

Cheers!!!

John W, the owner, got in touch with me about my ride and let me know that he spoke with his driver and reminded him that drivers shouldn't be taking reservations on their own.  He offered to make amends, and I appreciate his quick response.

Just booked a much needed shuttle for a precious family member.  John W, the owner was professional and equally vested in the care and concern in the getting my 80 year old mom to me and my children via his shuttle service to LAX.  I will write another review once she is safely to us... meanwhile I feel excellent about my choice to transport our precious cargo to Oregon via Sav On Shuttle and John W!

As a flight attendant, i'm always on the go. So i did some researching to what company is best to use for my transportation to and from LAX. 

I gave Super Shuttle a try, however i was displeased with their service. The van smelled as though it was being inhabited by a homeless man and their price was ridiculous for the service i was given.

Then i tried Sav-On Shuttle. Their price was very reasonable! Their level of service is outstanding. I have used them a few times now, and they are always on time and ready to go. If you're looking for quality service, low rates, and timeliness, then Sav-On Shuttle is definitely the right pick!

Receive text message on how far away the car is. Can't get better than this.

Party of 7 adults &amp; 3 kids going from Huntington Beach to the Long Beach Cruise Terminal for a 7-day cruise on Carnival.  The driver was 20 minutes early, which was a good thing since it took that long to load the luggage and the bodies.  We were leaving the house within 1 minute of the scheduled time.  Upon our return, gave them a call and they were there to pick us up within minutes.  We were going to try to cram everyone into our RV and park it there for the week.  The parking would have cost more and then we would have had the concern for our vehicle.  Will definitely use this service again.

After researching the best way to get from the Long Beach Airport to Laguna Beach I chose Sav-on based on the price and the Yelp reviews.  The entire experience could not have been smoother!  We were a party of four (ranging in age from 12 to 80+) so making stops along the route ala the Super Shuttle was not for us nor was paying the $130.00 they charged for their direct service.  Savon charged only $85.00 (spent the savings at the many art fairs in Laguna!)

John (the owner) met us within minutes of our arriving at the Ground Transpportation area which was wonderful considering our flight arrived about 15 minutes early.  He loaded us up and off we went.  As others have noted John enjoys talking with the passengers. He pointed out points of interest along the way, answered questions, had us laughing all while driving very smoothly (VERY important as one person in our merry little party suffers from motion sickness).  Should also note that the van was clean and cool.

When we arrived in Laguna we immediately booked John for our return trip to the airport which was a repeat of the above...if only I could say the same thing about our JetBlue flight to SFO...

They found me before I found them!  I had never flown into Long Beach before. When my plane landed I had a text from the driver. As I walked out the doors, John greeted me and directed me to my driver, Stacy,  in a very clean, air conditioned van.  She whisked me off to Disneyland for the best weekend ever with my family. It would have been a long hot drive if it weren't for the people at Sav-On Shuttle. These people ALWAYS made me feel like I was the most important customer.  Highly recommended, fast, friendly, clean, direct.  I will use them again for sure!

Used John and his crew in Dec of 12.  They were prompt, professional, and friendly.  We will be using them again next time we come down to SoCal.

First time using this service.  Was very pleased . Van arrived on time. Turned out to be a very good thing since I left one of my bags on the van when we were dropped off at LAX.  Made a quick call to the office &amp; within 10 minutes the driver was there with my bag.  When we returned from our trip, the driver arrived within 10 minutes of our calling the office. Will definitely use Sav-on Shuttle in the future.

This Midwesterner used Sav-On to go from LGB to Orange County (Dana Point) and from the same place back to LAX a couple days later. Walt was my driver and was terrific. I got off the plane and he called to check in while I was waiting for my bags. Even though I had checked "shared van" I had it all to myself both ways. He was friendly and professional. For the return, he was there exactly on time. When I called to confirm my pickup time in between, dispatch responded instantly and was helpful. It could not have been smoother. I paid with credit card using Square which was handy. I had checked 4-5 other companies and Sav-On was not the cheapest, but they were the only ones with reliable reviews. Yelp came through on this one. I would choose them again in a heartbeat. A buddy at the same conference booked with another shuttle for a few bucks less and had a really crummy experience--long ride, crowded shuttle, early times, poor customer service, etc. Recommend!

We used Sav-on Shuttle and couldn't have picked a better shuttle service!  From now on we will always use Sav-on Shuttle and will recommend this company to everyone. In the past we've used a couple of the other shuttle companies and each time there was always some sort of a problem - showing up way too early and not wanting to wait 5 minutes or not showing up at all.  It had been a few years since we've needed a shuttle service so I researched a few of the companies online and compared prices and pick-up drop off times, etc.  I placed a couple of calls and when I spoke to John at Sav-on Shuttle I felt confidant that this would be the company to use.  The morning of our flight the Shuttle van pulled up to our house in Long Beach right on time.  The driver was soo nice and made our drive to LAX very pleasurable.  On our return trip we arrived at LAX at 6AM and called our driver and he picked us up less than 4 minutes later.  Some important qualities I'd like to point out is that they arrive when they say they will, they don't make stops to pick up other customers, the vans are clean, the drivers are knowledgeable, courteous, and even enjoyable.   We Love Sav-on Shuttle!

I'm a very picky person and I highly recommend John and Sav On Shuttle for a private van service.  My family (10 of us) used his service three times (LAX to Long Beach Pier for a Cruise, Long Beach to Disneyland and Disneyland back to LAX).  The van was clean, newer model and JOHN IS AWESOME.  He is funny, courteous and generally an all around good guy.  The price was way better than any competitor.  

John is a very busy guy, so it's a good idea to always reconfirm your pickup time, but I trust John to get it right.

Went from Seal Beach to John Wayne Airport and returned. 
They were reliable, the driver was very courteous and the price was right. I would definitely recommend and use this company again!

What great service we got from John.  We arrived from Canada and had arranged for him to pick us up and take us to Long Beach to our hotel.  There was 12 of us and he picked us up and took us to our hotel.  The next day he picked us up in 2 vans and took us to catch our cruise.  One week later we called him after our cruise and he picked us up again in 2 vans and took us for a 4 hour tour of L.A. and then took us to the airport to catch our flight.  He was awesome and the tour of L.A. was great.  I would totally recommend him to anyone that is arriving in the L.A. area, his sense of humor made everyone feel very welcomed!

Stacy from Sav-on picked us up at the Long Beach Airport and delivered us to the Lowes Hotel in Santa Monica and five days later picked us up at the Lowes and delivered us to Long Beach. Right on time and very very pleasant.

My ride was from John Wayne Airport to Cypress, and reverse a couple days later.   They were on time and the dispatcher was easy to reach.   The driver was nice and I was his only passenger each trip.  I will definitely use them again if in same area.

