I've never been to a Comic Con before, and I had a pretty good time. It was pretty crowded on Saturday and Sunday, but I enjoyed all the panels I attended and the open floor was very cool. The vendors were all pretty friendly and helpful, as were all the volunteers I encountered. I particularly enjoyed the Rancho Obi Wan exhibit (though I wish it was larger).

I think Friday was the best day for people to just because it wasn't too crowded and most people were at the William Shatner panel, so the exhibition floor was not crowded. The mystery boxes sold by ToyNK were a pretty big hit. I went to panels on all 3 days, but my favorites were the The Big Bang Theory writers' panel and Stan Lee. The Back to the Future panel, which cost $10 to attend, was also fun. $10 isn't an obscene amount of money, but I get the why people would be unhappy about that. Unlike what another reviewer said, that was the only panel which required a separate attendance fee. All the other panels were free.

The lines to get into panels and for convention entry on Saturday (for single day attendees/people picking up their wristbands) were insane. They need to fix this for next year. 

The RFID wristbands were a cool idea, but they didn't get mailed out until March 7 (I live in the South Bay and received mine on March 15). On Saturday, there was an extremely long line for the people who didn't buy their wristbands earlier/didn't receive them in the mail, so they should work on that for next year or perhaps switch to a more traditional method of ticketing because the wristbands were only used for entering and exiting.

Parking was nearly impossible for anyone who got to downtown San Jose after 12 on Saturday. I parked in the SJSU garage at 4th and San Carlos, paid $5, and walked the 5 or 6 blocks to the convention center. I did the same on Sunday.

Overall, I am definitely a fan of SVCC. I'll be going again next year and can't wait to see what's in store for the future!

I am thoroughly disappointed with this event. If it weren't for the fact that I'm a total trekkie and it's the 30th anniversary,  I would have returned my tickets and passed on the event. 

First of all, they tell you at checkout that you'll be receiving a 3 day adult pass as a bonus for buying tickets early. It's a lie. There was apparently a "mistake" on the ticket page where it told you that you were getting a bonus. So, if you had made plans with friends thinking that you have an extra ticket, you now have to cancel.  They don't bother to contact you to inform you of the "error". I had to send several emails before I got a straight answer. I would have purchased another set of tickets when they were having their Valentine's day special but now its too late. Since it was there error, I think that they should have honored the bonus ticket, but they wouldn't. 

Overall just the poorest customer service and communication from the event.  I will not be coming back next year.

I attended the inaugural Silicon Valley Comic Con on its opening day. This event is being put on by Steve Wozniak (aka Woz) and some of his cohorts to help bring the San Diego experience closer to home.  I initially wanted to go during one of the weekend dates, but the price point was a bit high since I was just going to be a looky-loo.

Tickets:
Prices differ depending on how many days and which days you want to attend. For example Fri was only $25 but the rest of the weekend dates were $50. They also had Three Day passes, and such. Check out their website for more info: https://register.growtix.com/e/silicon_valley_comic_con

Parking- Street parking will be hard to come by and prepare to get raped by the local parking lots. I saw some charging $25 which is nothing compared to SF but huge for SJ. Check out http://parksj.org/ for more parking info. Personally, I'd recommend finding a VTA Park &amp; Ride Station (http://goo.gl/J2AzMd) and taking the Light Rail there; it drops you right in front of the McEnery Convention Center. 

Concessions- Didn't see any food or drinks being sold, but maybe that'll change for the weekend??? No idea. 

Exhibits- Typical menagerie you'll see at most comic conventions: Cosplayers; booths selling miscellaneous miscellany; exhibitors; D-list celebrities selling autographs for obscene amounts and other such truck. My favorite display of the night was the PancakeBot™ machine that made pancakes into any shape! I don't know why, but I need that in the worst way...

I'm glad to see something like this come to my hometown, and I'm not sure how it compares to the San Diego Comic-Con, but who cares really? Overall it was fun, and I'll definitely be back next year. Excelsior!

Disappointing.  However, I will iterate what I told my buddy on our way there.  "This is their first year.  I do not expect much.  I expect this year to be the year they get their wheels under them and figure out what to fix for next time.

Pros:
* Their registration line was super fast and efficient.  I had pre-paid, but did not have my wristband.  So I had to wait in a monstrous registration line outside.  I was, literally, a quarter mile away.  And that was just outside.  Once you get inside you still have to wait in this switchback line (like an amusement park ride) to get to the front.   The line was long, but it only took 60 minutes from start to wristband.  And for a line as long as it was, it was impressive speed.
* The location is perfect...... if you take LightRail.  Which we did.  I could imagine parking being a bitch otherwise.
* Artist booths.  I was pretty impressed with the artists that were onsite selling and promoting their own work.

Cons:  (Pun intended)
* I expected so much more from the cosplayers.  Yea, maybe that is not direct fault of the convention.  But perhaps they didn't do an efficient job of luring more cosplayers.
* It was way too packed and the body order was palpable.  (Note:  If you have children, please bring them, but for the love of Jebus..... leave the baby buggies at home!)
* I was disappointed with the lack of product exhibits and celebrity panels. It was just a big flea market for geeks for the most part.
* The celebrity photo were stupid expensive.  $250 for Michael J Fox?  $175 for Jeremy Renner!!?!?!  Who pays that?  People do I guess.  Hell... Shatner was less than $100.
* $50 admission.  This in hindsight.  Definitely not work the price.

Final soapbox.
I really think the internet has ruined conventions, of all types.  15-20 years ago you go to a convention and see all sorts of stuff you could not find anywhere but at a convention.  Digging through comic boxes to find that book you have been searching for.  Or seeing a toy or game you have never seen before.  Now, sadly, collecting these things is no longer a prize.  It's just a matter of who has more money to win the bid.  There was nothing at this convention that I had not already seen or could not find online.

Hey Woz, pay no attention to all of the hater reviews.  I thought SVCC was an awesome inaugural event and I can't wait until next year.

My son and I bought the gold vip tickets and the perks were a real life saver.  Line jumping the panel lines and the photo opp lines is a perk that I've had paid double to get.  Woz signed autographs in the Vip lounge on Sunday morning and it seemed like he had a great time joking around with the crowd.  He openly acknowledged the hiccups from Saturday and said he will work to improve next year's event.

My middle school son and his friends roamed around the show freely spending their allowance dollars at the large variety of vendors selling comic books, t shirts, posters, art and nearly every other conceivable item related to comics and gaming.

I watched a few panels; Stan Lee is F'ing hilarious!  I'd pay to see that guy do a standup comedy show.

I agree the layout needs improvement, I would have taken in some smaller panels but the entrance lines for the smaller rooms overlapped with registration causing a bit of chaos.

A bit of advice for attendees next year:

1. Register Early, my bands were mailed to my house so I just walked in upon arrival.  No lines.

2. Buy the add ons before the show starts.  Likewise, I had everything I needed for photo opps and autographs before I left home.

3.  Don't drive, uber to the convention center and walk in the last few blocks.  Pedestrian traffic brings car traffic to a halt near the convention center.

Have fun, see you next year!

The wife and I had tried to get into the San Diego Comic Con for many many years, with no success....so it was AWESOME news to see that Woz was bringing Comic Con to SJ (which makes sense, given the level of geekdom in SV).  I scored tickets the second they went live...and eagerly awaited the SVCC Weekend.

Friday evening came about, and the wife and I went to see William Shatner.  The first shocker was just how crazy crowded it was.  The second was just how smooth Shatner is on stage.  A great way to open the weekend.

Saturday came around, and it was very clear very quickly that the organizers had NO idea of just how many people were waiting for their own Comic Con.  CRAZY crowded, CRAZY hot.  And some CRAZY attire.  Most of the events were just ludicrous for waiting lines....and autographs/photo lines were insane.  We did get a Stan Lee autograph on a Thor comic book (the wife has a slight "thing" for Thor), and traded some one-liners with him...that was cool, but the two hour line...not so much.  The various food courts all ran out of food quickly, sending people in crazy costumes into the surrounding neighborhoods for nourishment and water.

Sunday was more of the same - crazy crowds, crazy lines...we bailed after a few hours...just too hot.

All in all, AWESOME.  BUT...it clearly was a v1.0, and needs some serious edits before the next release....starting with AC, a larger facility, and definitely better organization across the board.  NOTE.....while a v1.0, there absolutely positively has to be a v2.0!!!!

This is my first time at comic con. To be honest, I am disappointed that it costs money to buy a photo of the actor, and then additional money to get an autograph, and you're not allowed to take pictures with the actors in the same location in which they sign the autographs. Although they are happy to point out that you can take pics OF the actors signing autographs.....because I can't find that on Google already.......

I like the displays by artists and authors. My husband bought a few books. We both bought tshirts. There is some pretty good one of a kind stuff provided here. I also like the exhibits by Madam Tussauds. Amazingly lifelike. I definitely want to visit Madam Tussauds in San Francisco now.

Very disappointed that it costs $200-$300 to take a pic with Christopher Lloyd at a different location after waiting in an already very long line to get his autograph. He hasn't even been in a movie recently...has he?

I like Lea Thompson in Back to the Future and I like her in Switched at Birth, but $65 for a photo that they've already taken of her and her signature is kind of out there. I could see paying that for Robert Downey Jr's signature or a picture with him.....maybe

I guess I've just been spoiled by those super cool celebrities who enjoy their trade and aren't requiring a kidney and your first born for an autograph and a picture with them. I am seeing many disappointed fans walking away from lines when they learn the price of meeting their favorite actor. That's pretty sad. I have signed memorabilia that I keep at home. Not everybody is looking for a signature to sell. Keep the true fans in mind and stop focusing on getting more money. That being said, all of the really really cool seminars cost money and require special passes as well. I'm glad I know this now because i've already gotten tickets to Comic con in San Diego this year. At least I'll be prepared for comic con San Diego.

The VR zone is free for exploration, but the lines are crazy long. The same is true about beverages and food. The line goes to the doors..don't even think about just grabbing something to drink. It could take hours just to see someone about getting a beverage and by then just pray that they have something left.

I am really enjoying meeting the cosplayers and taking pics of and with them. They are pretty great. I would've enjoyed the costume contest a lot more if the mics had worked. I couldn't hear what most of the candidates were saying to promote their costumes. 

A lot of really cool cosplayers didn't show up to compete. I saw some pretty rad costumes that didn't even get entered and that could've easily won the contest. Don't be intimidated! Please enter next time because everybody should see the awesome effort that you put into your costumes!

My bf and I attended this last Saturday as our first comic con. We were not sure what to expect as it was our first con and the first year this is thrown together. We walked in and was immediately overwhelmed with the crazy lines for registration pick up and the multiple broken up lines that snakes around the registration line. We got our tickets partially discounted off gold star so we thought it wouldn't be crazy crowded. The volunteers and employees seemed as surprised as we were that the estimated 30,000 people actually showed up. 

-lines for everything is long and confusing. People can only follow instructions for so long before someone gets confused and messes it up for everyone behind them. Someone skipped one of the taped line for registration and everyone proceeded to skip it as well. 
-lines for panels seems to start from nowhere and continue to who knows where after each cut off. The panel lines needs a clear poster of what panel it is for. 
-autographs and photo ops are quite pricey. I only got one for Stan Lee and waited over 4 hours for him to finally show as his previous photo ops session ran over time and the autograph kept getting delayed. Props to the old man for being able to endure the entire day of back to back photo ops and autograph sessions.
-there should be a better system of showing where certain guests will be. I couldn't figure out where Andy Weir was going to be and the volunteers did not know either. 
-most of the collectibles such as comics and Funko pops are way over priced. Better off buying them online.
-the food and beverage line was ridiculously long, but there are plenty of options outside the convention center
-parking is quite atrocious, we got lucky and found a nearby metered parking spot that needed money added every two hours. All the lots were full by the time we got there. 

Considering this was their first time, it could have been worse. They had a great collection of big name guests in appearance. Hopefully they will learn and improve in organization next year. I'm just glad I got to get Stan Lee's autograph.

Granted this was the first year for this event after they took over Big Wow,  there was a big lack of organization. I expected there to be much more steady flow being that big wow has been organized in the past. I personally arrived and hour and a half after the doors opened only to find out that no one had any clue where the line started or ended.  The volunteers seemed just as lost as the event goers.  I asked numerous volunteers questions about the event, only to be directed to another volunteer who also had no idea how to answer questions. In all, it took an hour to get in, even though I had prepaid tickets.  There was no separation between prepaid and those looking to get their tickets.  

Aside from that lack of communication and training of the volunteers,  the event was a success overall.  There was not a huge amount of cosplay characters as I've seen at other con events.  I think it was because the crowds on Saturday were mostly there to see Stan "the man" Lee and the cast from Back to the Future.  So I noticed the atendees seemed to be on the older side Yay day.  

Unless there are huge guest names next year,  I'll probably skip the event until they've gone another year or two to work out all the kinks. Organization is key to keeping this event a success for years to come.  I am just grateful I had the opportunity to meet the most iconic man in Marvel history!

This was our first time attending any comic con, and I think it went pretty well.

My kids, especially my daughter, loved seeing all the cosplayers. She got as many pictures as she could with them. We even got to see Shatner, Lloyd, and Renner while there. The entrance fee was affordable, and since the kiddies were free that was helpful. Yes, pictures and autographs were a bit pricey, but for the experience I think it was well worth it.

I think the biggest, and really the only con of the entire experience was the amount of people. Obviously, they want to draw in as many people as possible and I am happy that it was a huge hit, but it was near impossible to walk around the booths.

The line for registration was fast moving. I was pleasantly surprised by how quick the volunteers were able to expedite everyone and get us inside. The lines for pictures were quick too, and so that was nice. 

I think the only regret I have is not purchasing a ticket for an autograph from Renner. Since there are so many people trying to squeeze in pictures with him, we barely had a minute to meet him and take the picture before being shoved off to pick up our print. If we had waited in line for an autograph, we would have likely been waiting a bit longer, but we also would have had the opportunity to really talk to him. My kids really wanted to meet him and so I felt guilty that it was so brief. They do love the picture we got though.

In regards to parking, we had planned to take the Caltrain into San Jose at the Diridon Station but we had actually missed our train. So we ended up driving to the station in hopes for affordable parking. It turned out that there was an event taking place at the SAP Center on the same day we attended the SVCC and so we ended up paying $25 for parking. We were not pleased, but we felt more comfortable leaving our vehicle there as oppose to the other sketchy $5 lots. Oh, and the walk was timed for 20 minutes from the Diridon to the convention center, but it only felt like 10 minutes.

Overall, a wonderful experience. Probably not suitable for small children since they can/do become more irritable more quickly. Totally recommend packing food/snacks since the line for the refreshments was ridiculously long throughout the day. Oh, and dress up! Since it was our first time we only wore character based tees but we definitely plan to go again next year dressed up. I think you'll have far more fun dressed up since a lot of people and children wanted to take pictures with cosplayers.

I wan't them to come back next year but cannot give a false review. I was one of the 50 out 30,000 attendees that's got a platinum vip BTTF pass for $840. That price is redonkulous it went from $750 to $840 after tax! F tax, all the cons i've been to never charge tax. The way they made us take the photo was even more redonkulous! We waited in a hot badly circulated heat box of a line for 2 hours! The security promps all the customer's no touching of the celebrities, no posing, no talking. When it's your turn  stand behind all three celebs while they sit on their tall chairs to have the pic taken. I understand if the pic was cheaper but for $840 they should pose with you. At least pull up a separate chair so we don't look like we were photo bombing the celebs. 

After the photo op I rushed to get Napolean Dynomites auto before he left for the day. Then they overbooked Christopher Lloyd so I waited another 2 hours after they closed to get his auto. When I was there an employee tried to kick me out because he didn't understand his manager's directions. 

Other negs were the vip pass didn't come with admission or any swag to take the sting away from the price. Entree was unorganized and they signage was non existent for celeb autographs. It's bad when the volunteers don't know either.  I wanted to meet the halt and catch fire chick they advertised would be there but she was nowhere to be found. M J  fox was also acting like an a hole. When I asked nicely if he could sign by hover board as big as he could he ignored my request. I understand if I was being rude but I asked nicely and paid $250 for his auto!

Bought tickets last night. I'm now waiting in a line that snakes around the exhibition floor; I've waited 20 minutes and have moved 20 feet. At this velocity I should get my wristband in 4 hours. Let's hope the two eleven year olds with me don't need to pee or eat.

If you're ambivalent about coming, stay away. Boo Steve Woziak.

I think the convention was a failure, don't waste your money.  Comic conventions used to be fun.  You paid $40 to get in the door, and there were celebrities signing autographs....for FREE!!!  Can you believe it!?!?!?  You could only get one thing autographed though.

But now you have to pay $60 to get in the door, after standing in a very long line.  Then you have to stand in a very long line to but an autograph ticket for $100.  Then you have to stand in a line to redeem your autograph ticket.  Then you have to stand in a very long line for hours just to meet your guest for 3 seconds, who you paid $100 dollars to meet.

Then you have to wait in a long line to buy a $10 dollar hotdog and $5 soda.  

And the parking was horrible too...which was another $20....if you could find it...

My advice...keep the $195 bucks, save your feet the trouble of waiting in line all day, and buy a nice comic online...

This was amazing!!! I was a semi volunteer. This has been a highlight for me in a rather challenging year. The action started Friday night. I saw a huge line of people waiting for William Shatner. Then also the African American women from Star Trek. This event was a HUGE draw.

I was told 35,000 tickets were sold for Saturday. When I was over in the hallway I saw Peter Mayhew from Star Wars and Christopher Lloyd was walking right by me I asked Christopher Lloyd if I could shake his hand and he returned the favor. That shows that he has class. This was a great event!!!!

As a normal con goer of Fanime and Sac anime, I decided to take the drive down and pay $50 each for Saturday to check this out. Not only did that seem a bit steep, but if you buy online there is a $4 added fee...if it wasn't costly enough, right? Once we got to the con, there was virtually ZERO parking ANYWHERE. Drove around for 30 minutes and ended up parking near Spaghetti Factory and taking UBER the rest of the way. I thought this was going to be like Fanime con, but this was more like AX or SDCC. There was a 2 hour registration line, which thankfully we were able to skip due to my dad's knee issue. Once you got in, even MORE lines to get into the vendor's exhibit. Plenty of awesome X Files stuff I don't see as much at the anime cons, but oh man, was it a bitch to have to sift and push through a shit ton of people. Basically, we saw all that was in the halls and that was about it. It takes so much time to walk between people and see everything that it's ridiculous. I couldn't wait to get out of there towards the end. I also understand that an autograph had cost $100! I loved the displays and vendors, but man it was hell just to walk around. 2.5 stars for the displays and exhibits....but I'm a little iffy on whether or not I will drive down for this again next year. You're better off getting UBER or bus it if you're local, instead of battling parking and paying the steep lot prices. This should be re-named to Line-con. Hopefully they learn from Fanime con and streamline the registration line next year, if there is one.

We pre-ordered our tickets last year, so we didn't have to deal with the registration lines. I enjoyed my first con (although we lucked out and also scored tickets for SDCC this year, so SVCC may pale in comparison after July), though I am still sad we missed a few panels I would've liked to attend, including Adam Savage's panel (the line was just too long). The two panels we did attend, Nathan Fillion's and the Con Man Series, we started lining up about an hour in advance, and there was already a sizable group at the front of the line. Was worth it though, I enjoyed both panels immensely :) my husband said the feel of it and the amount of content felt like NYCC's first year (which he attended back in 2006), which makes sense - I'd imagine most first year cons would be fairly similar in scope. It was fun seeing all the cosplays (there were some really great ones), and a few R2D2s wandering around the floor. Hoping this becomes an established annual thing that grows bigger and better!

*as for parking - we parked in a garage a few blocks away from the convention center near Philz both days and managed to find parking (though not super easily) - buying lunch nearby validated parking for us on Saturday, though we only got boba tea on Sunday so we paid the $5 for parking :)

It was overpriced for $50 but I was lucky enough to find a 25% coupon. Besides the money I thought it was fun for a first time comic con attendee. I made sure I parked a few blocks away and was lucky enough to find a spot. Apparently the line to get in was enormous but I got there 3 hours before it ended so there was basically no line. Great booths filled with merchandise and comic drawing artists. It was fun to see all the cosplay characters and taking pictures with them. That's what made it fun. Would definitely recommend going. It's well put together by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak.

A taste of SDCC and not all in a good way!

Disclaimer; I attended on a Saturday, this was not my first con, I am a San Jose resident and I pre-purchased my tickets online. And now without further ado the review:

The Good

First of all having another con in Northern California is great and I am glad were not forgotten completely. There were plenty of celebrity guests many of which could have been headliners at smaller cons and of course they managed to bag the legendary Stan Lee. There was a large selection of panels across the whole weekend, and it appeared they did plan those well so similar interests didn't overlap. Also having the museum pieces was a nice addition to the regular vendor hall and panels.

The volunteers were also amazing and remained professional throughout all the bad and ugly which I will get onto.

The Bad

The layout was awful; having the panel rooms right next to the registration was a really bad idea for traffic flow, there was no sign posting and the map only covered one of three floors. The wrist band tagging in made sense going in I guess, but the scanning out seemed pointless. I guess this was the tech portion of the con?

The vendors were a mixed bag; artist alley saved it for me really. So many vendors were very overpriced on comics, vintage toys and collectible merch. I am not an expert on it all but I know the going rate for some items I was looking out for, and they were more than double the price sometime four or five times. I saw comics I had bought for $10 online a couple of weeks ago with $35 price tags. I took a closer look giving them the benefit of the doubt that it might be mint, nope same if not worse than I got online.

A tonne of Pop figures and Tsum Tsums going for more than your local Hot-topic and just regular old ones too, nothing exclusive. I ended up buying one TPB and a couple of items from the artist ally and left with over $100 still in my pocket I had assigned for that day.

The Ugly 

The crowds; my god the crowds. I am talking Disneyland at its busiest, Black Friday, Music Festival kind of crowds.  The sheer numbers mixed with the disorganization was a perfect storm on Saturday. Registration was mess, first of all pre-ordering online meant nothing you got in the same line as any Joe that decided to turn up on the day. Secondly they had two lines that had to funnel into one for registration. The first line was out the front door and round the corner, the second line was for everyone that already got into the convention center though the other entrances and snaked it's was around the whole ground floor.

Eventually the second line inside got so huge and was blocking so much traffic to panels they let it go first snubbing those in the other line that had been waiting for hours already. I was one of the lucky ones, 1  1/2 hours after getting there I had my wrist band. A lot of people were getting upset and missing panels they wanted to attend, I personally missed two. Oh and registration is a fancy word for scanning a QR code on your ticket.

There were was only one refreshments stand inside. By mid afternoon the line extended across the entire width of the main hall and looked to start snaking out the door. Not even little stands selling bottled water like at other cons I have been too. The heat was unbearable; there was talk that the air-con broke down that's when my party decided to call it quits feeling dehydrated and getting headaches.

In conclusion the whole day was meh. The bad and ugly cancelled out anything good for me. I have never left a con early but I did this time, to be honest if I hadn't already payed $50 for a ticket I would have walked out after an hour in the registration line. I hope the organizers learn for this experience, how they managed to mess it up I don't know. This can't be there first rodeo, but for some maybe it should be their last.

Absurd prices for photographs, staff on a bad mood with lacking information about the panels, a 200 yard line for getting food or a drink on one single spot (if you decide to grab something to eat, you'd probably waste 1,5 hours). No parking spaces on a 2 mile range of the convention center. Nobody to organize the lines. It was like the Wizard Con from last year, but less organized and costed 3 times more. Never been to the San Diego's, but it must be 10x better than this.

I have just spent two hours trying to find parking and did not have any luck. Every garage is full so if you are driving there today, find other means of transportation. I did go early but I guess people beat me to it and after the pic Megan put up maybe it's better this way. I gave up.

We loved it! Awesome. Sat in on the panel with Back to the Future cast, what more can you ask for?

Oh, woz...your event wins for the most disorganized convention ever.  It is hyped to be a TECH comic con, but was SO no-tech in any way that would make an attendee's experience easy and enjoyable and ONLY tech when collecting MONEY!  

The SJ convention center is too small for a comic con.  It handled Friday night's crowd easily, but Saturday - chaos!  Parking lots - all full.  Wasted almost an hour looking for parking.  If we didn't already have our tickets, we would've bagged this.  Get there super, super early or take the train.  

Inside:  not enough staff, directional signs/people, nor volunteers.  There are lines galore, though!  Lines crossing lines.  A line that stretched a block-long for the Saturday tix/registration, and at least half-a-block long lines to enter into the speaker rooms, three of which are clustered next to each other.  The lines snaked around willy-nilly, running into the registration line.  All this caused many people to be waiting in the wrong lines. 

RFID chip bands are issued to prevent scalping &amp; fake tickets.  People buying for the day don't need wristband tix.  They caused the long lines because you made people take time to enter their personal info into your database.  What do you think people buying tix the same day are going to do - buy them then go outside to sell them for more?  Sheesh.  Admit you want to our info to sell on a list. 

The largest room, which held the extremely in demand Back to The Future (BF) panel, shared the same aisle space as people trying to enter and exit the Exhibition Hall (EH) AND had two snaky lines - one for "news" people and one for attendees.  (F*** the "news" people!  We don't need them in this day and age.  Twitter, Facebook, Yelp - the Internet - have replaced them.)  A floor in between the Concourse and the Lower Level is not shown on the maps, adding to the confusion of where to go. 

Another woz-bad:  charging $10 to see the BF panel on the day of, payable through an app or when registering.  No where on the web site was this update added.  Why not collect it at the room's door, since you made the change the DAY OF?  We did not find out until in the panel line already.  We were app-less, and as it was not a simple matter to get to the registration desk (read above), the one event we really wanted to attend, we couldn't.  BS!  After the panel, autograph lines extended out of the EH and mixed into the general in/egress lines.  Oh, mon chien!  

The costume contest (CC) was a joke!  Cheesy and amateurish.  I was embarrassed after having hyped it up to my friends, based on having seen costume contests in other conventions.  We walked out after our futile hopes of it getting better were not met by the "51st" contestant. 

We were able to get into only 5 speaker/events, including the CC.  We walked out of two, but did enjoy listening to Shatner, Fillion, and the Mars panel.  We waited in line for an hour and a half to experience the "Sweet Escape" virtual reality.  Enjoyed my "first time" and the guys at monstervr.com (Michael Wolf!!) are great!

My husband and I were in attendance at Silicon Valley Comic Con last weekend.  

So, today is my Monday morning quarterback comment about the event.  

Would we do it again? Perhaps, but with some caveats.  Parking and planning are two factors that I will keep in mind (AVOID Impark City Parking on 285 Market St.-deceptive signage-in small print, it's NOT 5.00 per day, it's by the hour!).  


Signage for registration was poor; we did find the line, but directions were not clear.  It was apparent that SV Comic Con's staff had underestimated, and as a result, were overwhelmed by the no. of attendees at the event.  The registration line looked a scene at the airport during holiday season. Perhaps I forgot how disorganized Science Fiction conventions can be.  Perhaps I'm mixing up how professional events (like a Computer Tech Summit or an Auto/Home show) and Fan events are organized. The lines for getting into panels were intermingling with the registration line, adding another layer of crowd confusion.  After we got our wristbands, we tried to get into panel rooms, gave up on the notion, and went to the dealer's room.  (We missed some of the panels with the time spent looking for parking and registration). The dealer's room was packed with people.  I was not able to really see any of exhibits, as the crowds were intense, The exhibits (like Stan Lee's area or the Obi-wan Ranch) had another long line to visit that area.  Enough.    

We got out of the dealer's room and took a break from the mess by going to the upstairs outside patio area of the convention center.  My tall husband was able to see the line below for registration was snaking around outside next to the Marriott, Market Street along San Carlos.  Wow.   

We found lunch at Johnny Rocket's.  Not our first choice, but, getting a table without a 45-30 minute wait was worth it.  They were unprepared for the onslaught of convention attendees.  I'm grateful that we had a place to sit, have a cold drink and some food. 

We went back in, trying to see if we could see a panel.  No luck.  Back in the dealer's room. It's still very crowded.  We just decided to sit down by the wall and figure out our next move.  The stopping. move a few feet, stop again pace of the convention had become very old. 

We went home, took a break, and came back.  Dave and I was able to catch the film presentation of Browncoats: Independence War at 7:00. We felt fortunate that we able to make it into at least one panel for the day.  (VIP had first priority for the seating) That was a good experience.  

We returned on Sunday- the crowds had lessened to a manageable number.  We were able to catch two Star Trek fan film panels and one called "Con Men" (funny in a cringe-worthy sense- think of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" for the Science Fiction crowd.) We also revisited the dealers room and got to see more of the dealers over just trying not to get lost from each other in the crowd.  

Would we do it again?  I don't have an answer yet.  I'll shake the Magic 8 ball again.  .

I only attended on Sunday, and I believe many of the issues from Saturday had been ironed out, or weren't as bad due to lesser attendance.  Of course, I had read horror stories from Saturday and was hyper-prepared, having already added various photo ops I had bought to my wristband, which I got in the mail, and I showed up very early to avoid the parking and registration issues. I would agree that the venue was probably too small, and there wasn't as much variety in vendors as I would have expected.  However, the AC situation was fine, the crowds were fine, and although the pricing seemed steep, I enjoyed the photos and autographs I paid for and got, even if it was at times confusing where I was supposed to be or what I was supposed to be doing, since the volunteer staff was pretty uniformly nice, but not always well-informed.  

I would hope next year they consider having the autograph tickets have a tear off or be punched, as it was kind of a bummer to have to turn them in; they were nice and they would have been a cool memento (and some kind of authentication of the autograph).  It also would have been appreciated if the schedule was firmed up much earlier-- I bought several things online before knowing if they would conflict with each other, which thankfully didn't backfire on me, but nearly did due to one guest's flight and scheduling issues (no one's fault, but different volunteers were different levels of understanding).  I'm glad they have this event and I really hope they learn from this first year and make it even better in the future.

I had a great time at Comic Con. I went on Friday, parked across the street and got my wristband with no waiting in line. On Saturday, I pondered taking the light rail, but I decided to risk driving in even though I knew it would probably be super crowded. I arrived around 10:30 and most lots were full. I was able to park by the Tech Museum and arrived in time for the 11:00 session. It was only $7.00 for parking. I was expecting to pay much more. I enjoyed the convention! It is so cool to have something like this in San Jose! I am looking forward to next year!

This was its first year, so I expected some hiccups. There were definitely some moments of chaos, especially with the Back To The Future panel lines. With that said, things went much smoother as the weekend progressed. The volunteers learned and adjusted accordingly. By the time Stan Lee appeared on Sunday, they had figured out how to get the lines somewhat organized and restricted so that people couldn't just dart in. 

My friends and I saw some pretty decent cosplays (I got a compliment on my Harry Potter necktie!), and the vendor's room was every bit the wallet trap they usually are at cons, haha! I got a bunch of trading cards (over 300 for under $25) that I'm planning to turn into an oracle card deck and possibly a major arcana only deck. 

For those from out of the area, take time to find someplace to eat outside of the convention center. The food inside is hella expensive and not worth the money. There are quite a few restaurants within walking distance, and a mini Safeway. Oh, and get your wristbands early; either have them mailed or pick them up on the pre-registration day.

We really wanted to like Woz's Con. Here's why we didn't. 
Parking wasn't addressed. Some people shelled out $25 if they were lucky to find it. A simple web map of all the available options would have helped. So would a shuttle/site.

Lines were slow...absurdly slow for tickets (not-moving slow). Offering a slight price break or freebie for buying in advance would have helped. 

A sign telling people to "buy now" ( with a smart phone/QV code) and proceed to the banding area would have helped.  
No signs. There were no signs, so even people who bought in advance were waiting in those lines.

No signs. We had tix, got our wristbands right away, and had to ask someone where the even was. (Twice)
$50 got us into a crowded flea market. That's it. 
There was no swag. Nobody needs swag, but it's amusing and it promotes stuff. Even digital swag like free apps would have worked, - downloadable "stamps" for e-pages? People like swag.
There were no 'hover-hand' cos-girls or guys in the crowd. 
A few pro cos players sat at tables selling art you could download.
There were no minor stars doing photo ops.
APPARENTLY there was a stage, but since there were NO SIGNS  and the stage was down the hall, like many who went, we never knew it was there. Even the playbook didn't map it well. Again, no signs.
No cool SV comic con shirts for sale with that beautiful logo on the front. 
The whole even should have been in one huge space. It was way too segmented. The barriers and walls and stairs and halls and curtains had thousands hemmed in.
I am not disabled, but there were people in the crowd with disabilities and I really felt sorry for them. I wish they'd been offered a private Friday hour or something because being in that crowd in a wheelchair or blind would have sucked.
For our group, it was just a big flea market.
To see an actor, you could pay a $100 (for autograph ink) and wait. 
Curtains and barriers everywhere prevented you from accidentally seeing someone famous.  
Nobody died, and things were mostly within 45 minutes of being on time, so it could have been much worse. 
It felt like a con job, not like a comic con. That probably wasn't the intent. 
Signs and a crowd-friendly set up would have made it 85% better.

I've always wanted to attend the SDCC so when i heard there was one in SV, I thought why not.  Boy, what a horribly disorganize events.  I purchase my tickets online and still had to wait in registration for an hour to get my wristband.  I thought the $4 online convenience fee would mean i can avoid the lines.  I want my four dollars back!!!  Once inside, the exhibitors booths are too close together and not enough room for people to walk by.  I agree with prior post that this is one big flea market.  I did enjoy listening to Jeremy Renner and Nathan Fillion.  I really wanted to go to the Back to the Future Panel but it require purchasing another $10 ticket.  I know this is their first year but I expected better especially since it was sponsored by Steve Wozniak.  Totally not worth it and won't be repeating the experience.

If you like waiting in lines this is the place for you. Take the Disneyland wait on its worst day and then double it. Hopefully next year will see a bit more organization.

Ok. 2 things about this con that seriously needs to happen. Organization and making it worth the money. The con was cool and all as a cosplayer...but if you went to experience a comic con...yeah no. Preregistration and normal registration line was together. So eta 1.5hours to get inside. Does not matter if you pre-reg . Having the badge in and out of area created a cluster fuck infront of the exhibit hall. You charged the dealers so much more than any con I've seen so barely any dealers....the lines man...it was free for me but waited from 4-6:45 to get Stan lee photo(since it was free I don't give a fuck..also I look kick ass in the photo). Not in a line moving but waiting.the time kept getting pushed back. I feel bad for the ppl who have to wait till 7:30 to get signatures...also...Volunteers were alittle lost themselves lol. So get it together man. I know not all cons are the same, but there has been enough cons to know what people like and don't like. This con was worth Sacanime price. Not the $100 for a full weekend. PS and this is a big one. More panels, use the damn Marriott if you have too. Just please organize it!!! I walked the whole dealer room 30min Friday. Sad, so damn sad.

