I am someone that hasn't been going for scary mazes for a few of years and this place sure gave me the chill and the anxiety of "can't wait to get the heck out of here". In comparison to the other mazes that I have been to, like Knotts scary farm and universal studio, I actually much prefer "smaller" mazes like sinister Pointe.

Thanks to yelp, I won a pair of tickets (face value at $26/ticket) coming here. And we paid extra $8 for the scream pass/ fast pass, because the line was just very long and move very slow. For extra $2 more (on top of the $8 that we've paid for) you could actually gotten into all night pass to get into all 4 paths of the attraction. We were hungry so we only did 1 maze. But definitely go for the all night pass, there is a slightly shorter line for it and it just a better deal. 

I don't want to give away what's in there, but it's quite different from the bigger theme park. You definetely could get much closer to the "host", with all the alone time of the space to yourself and your group, and much more interactive than just walking thru in and out of the maze. I was scared by the set up but not so much by the actors and actresses. I think they could have been a bit more aggressive with their acting. 

But because they want to make sure you and others get the "alone" time in each space, they do tend to move you up quickly, so it feels rush and out of theme and mood everytime they try to tell you to move up. But overall it's still pretty fun. I would bring my friends to come back for it again.

Tip: the ticket booth is in the front of the building next to the 99cents store. So don't just drive straight to the back and parked or you would have to walk all the way back to the front around the building for your tickets.

Ok, I rarely write reviews but this one I feel compelled to do so. I've been to theme parks horror mazes and rarely do I get scared, I just like the thrill (so for the faint hearted ones, this is a good thing to try) . This is the second time I went to an independent maze mainly because I ran out of options, I've been to Queen Mary numerous times, been to knotts, been to six flags and perhaps the most famous Universal's horror nights. (SPOILER ALERT)

1. If you can afford to buy the all night admission (for all 4 mazes) plus the scream pass (front of the line pass), please do so (I did) besides its half the price of what one usually pays for at the giant theme parks.There are 4 mazes and the general admission ticket which I like to clarify CAN LET you go to all 4 mazes (this is what I have been told by customer service) but you have to get back in line every time you finish the maze (which takes you at least 5 minutes to finish) and makes the wait longer for the average person. (it can be more than an hour in line) 
2. The earlier you get there the better, (it opens at 7 pm) We arrive around 9 pm and spent an hour and half for all 4 mazes (got out at 11 pm) due to the scream pass. Be aware regardless if you have the scream pass or not you still have to go back to the line after each maze and you are not the only one who has a scream pass (you just have priority over the gen admin tix) so be prepared to wait in line still. SPOILER: There might be scarers while you wait in line. It was fun watching people get scared. =)
3. One thing I like about this is that they let you go in group by group or one by one (depending on your party number) which means there's no spoilers ahead of you screaming their head off (if you know what i mean) or behind you. We encountered a few individuals but they were heading to a different maze (or elements) so no spoilers there. 
4. Since all 4 mazes are different you get a different vibe and though we were told its going to be interactive, there wasn't much of that when I went which is kinda disappointing to me. There is a part where you might feel claustrophobic and will be by yourself (I didn't feel it, but my hubby did) so prepare yourself. 
5. The first maze (arcane) I give 3 stars, an ok first impression but enough for me to expect more for the next mazes. The second maze (infernal) made a good impression and made me get excited (not scared) for the next one (by this time though, I got comfortable, meaning Im not as nervous like the first maze but I knew what to expect). Th third maze (tormentum) is my favorite one and I think this is by far their scariest maze yet ( I didn't but the rest of my party did)  so i based my review on their reactions. The fourth maze( rebus) which by then gave me high expectations due to the last few mazes unfortunately disappointed me. It was VERY SIMILAR to the third maze and my reaction was sort of THAT WAS IT??it did started promising but ended on a sour note for me. So as far as stars go 1st maze 3 stars 2nd maze 3.5 stars 3rd maze 3.8 stars and 4rth maze 2.5. 
6. Call me picky or whatever, but I was looking for something different from the other theme parks offered (i was told that some people behind this made a maze for horror nights), I wanted to be startled at least (since I really honestly don't get scared), maybe make me scream even for a sec but it got too predictable for me after the first maze although I do give props to the actors and actresses, they were doing an EXCELLENT AND SUPERB JOB. (imagine seeing the same people after 20 mins. and try and scare them each time) They really do try their best to scare you for each maze and were really working hard. I give 5 stars for their acting. 
6. I went here because it was highly recommended by a good friend of mine and so I came in with my group with high expectations like I was expecting I will scream mercy and be escorted out since I can't take it kinda expectation.If you are looking for something slightly different and more private than the giant theme parks, this is for you but if you like the big crowds, spoilers (screaming teenagers/adults) and super long lines please go back to your expensive theme parks. 
All in all, I had a fun night with my hubby and friends but I won't be going back here anymore, I may refer it some friends who are also tired of going to theme parks though. I heard 17th door was better so we'll see next year. I do recommend that the creators for these mazes gets a little bit more creative and more interactive for their future mazes. the more suspense the better its going to be ( i guess it wasn't suspenseful enough for me, like I said it got predictable) and please add more scarers, I think that's what it lacks from the giant theme parks (thus the expensive tickets)but i understand if this one cannot afford to have a lot. One more thing parking will never be an issue here (PLENTY OF SPACE AND PLACES TO EAT) and be prepared to get stamped in your face and body.

The line looked pretty short for a Friday evening, but it still took a while to get in. The reason for this is that, unlike other places, you get to go in with your group only. That really heightens the experience, because you're not just being herded through a line where there are people ruining the scares up ahead and others pushing from behind. 

We did all four mazes. Each one had a couple different rooms and elements, but they were mostly the same. I didn't realize that there would be any crawling, so I wore a dress and the wrong type of underwear for such an activity...it's a good thing that I was the last one through and that there wasn't another group behind us (I don't think, anyway. Haha. Good times). We were all surprised by the "ride" section of the maze. That broke things up a bit.

Some parts were really interesting and the concepts were well-done. I couldn't see anything at all in the last maze, but I wish there had been more things in there to frighten me when I was so utterly defenseless. I was scared pretty hard a handful of times, but it wasn't the most intense experience. It was definitely interesting, however, and really catered to all the senses.

Thanks for the tickets Yelp!!! 

So many mixed reviews for Sinister Pointe, in my opinion they deserve the five stars for effort! If I had to pay for it maybe the star factor would go down a notch! 

I arrived at 7pm. (Sinister Pointe is located where the old second hand store used to be) lots of parking all around. If you already have your tickets park in the rear. If you need to purchase or pick up, that would be in the front! 

There are three or four different lines, an employee there will direct you to the line you should be in! I waited about forty minutes before it was our turn!! 

The mazes take you through different doors and each door takes you through situations you have to figure out how to keep moving thorough to get the hell out!! I mentally had a plan to just rush in and out to get it over with but that was a fail! One of the rooms I had trouble with was one with doors everywhere, I kept trying and trying and the guy with creepy costume breathing down my neck didn't help one bit! I had to keep pushing him out of my way! Finally I broke through!!! 

The actors were great, the props were scary! I couldn't tell if some were real or fake! 

Well I made it out alive and even have a picture as a keepsake! Purchase yours for about $18.00 on your way out! 

Oh,  don't forget to wipe that red dot off your forehead!

NOTE that my rating is not comparing Sinister Point with other haunts, but comparing it with events of theirs I have gone to in the past

My husband and I just went to this year's maze, and we had a great time.  There weren't any expensive props like some haunts, but there were cool effects,  some effective scares, and I really enjoyed the fact that it's an actual maze you had to find your way out of. I might have to come back to see the other paths in this maze.

Endure 1 to 4 "realms of pure terror" at Sinister Pointe..  If you dare!

I've been a fan of SP for a few years now.  They always manage to do several things differently than the other more traditional Halloween mazes that you might be used to.

For example, they make sure that your group is spaced out from others.  The positive result of this is a very personal, terrifying experience!  The negative is that the lines can get VERY long to enter, especially later in the evening.  The earlier you arrive, the better!

The other unique and cool thing that Sinister Pointe is offering this year, is several (four) different paths (realms) to explore.  Don't worry about making the tough decision of which path to take, a spirit will assign you to your fate.

I survived 2 of the 4 realms during my visit.  Without ruining any surprises, be prepared to walk, crawl, squeeze through tight spaces, view bright lights or complete darkness, be "marked", and/or be separated from your group.  I was solo for the evening, so I enjoyed the enhanced fear of being alone in said realms.

Well done, Sinister Pointe!  Looking forward to next time!

The wait wasn't too long, I think I was just nervous and wanted to get it over with, but trust me, it was worth the wait and the price of admission! 
This was my first time at the new location in Fullerton and it didn't disappoint. The actual maze lacked props and consisted mostly of grey walls with occasional occult symbols painted on those walls. But just like the first location in Brea it was incredibly creative and scary as hell! (Other Haunts need to take note... *I'm looking at you, L.A. Haunted Hayride!*
My favorite thing was that we never ran into any other visitors during the maze, it was like we had the whole thing to ourselves. And the staff was friendly and well organized. I totally recommend Sinister Pointe for a quick and unique Halloween thrill!

Ummm...Noooooo. Maybe I set the standard so high after just experiencing The 17th Door right before showing up here. But seriously I keep an open mind and be completely analytical and objective when writing a review. However, this place just had a zero "wow" factor! 

Not even sure how to go into this really but here goes...

Both my date and I felt like it was put together by The Boy And Girl Scouts Of America. Its as if someone forgot that this was supposed to be a haunted house and not Willy Wonka And the Chocolate factory.

The constant open this door and that door was annoying because you would open them and expect something to jump at you as predicted, but no absolute nothingness! A few times here and there certain gollums and ghouls would jump out of which I'm pretty sure I stepped on one of their feet and squeamishly one of them said "sh*t my foot" LOL. 
 
Your journey begins with a card reading and that card is handed to you and sets the pace of where you go in the house. Each card represents a symbol and is matched with doors with that exact symbol of which door you  go through and yes once again you go through a lot of doors! You move through this pretty quick and at the end left saying in your own head " I dropped $ on this"

Honestly, my review ends here not much to really say other than if you want an entry level type haunted house this would be a good start. But if you have a certain high standard set for a legitimate spook then go elsewhere.

Amazing amazing amazing experience!!! So much fun and so many good scares!!! The actors here were committed to their roles and were extremely interactive. Misdirection is definitely redirection in this maze. Me and my friends are sure to make this another part of our normal halloween go tos, and definitely will make time to go to their haunts throughout the year as well.

Much needed place to visit and amazing way to close out our haunt season!!!!!

First off, thank you Ryan C for the rec :) My coworker and I appreciated it! 

I've been to my fair share of Halloween haunts/mazes.. from Knott's to Universal to Queen Mary to LA's Haunted Hayride. It's nice to check out the smaller local productions and see what they have to offer. I agree with many reviews that yes, they were lacking in props but their special effects and the characters involved made the experience so much better. I'm sure that if they had a bigger budget, things would be different! There were 4 "realms" to choose from and I did get a mini anxiety attack from walking through the tight spaces and the fear of not getting lost in the maze.

Warning: if you're light or smoke-sensitive, be cautious! I swear I was nearly blinded by the strobe lights because we were walking directly towards them lol.

I've been a fan of Sinister Pointe for years. This was like a Midwest high school budget for a small town to have fun on a week night. Very much a waste of money. 

Although I have to give it to the actors who stayed in character and did their best with such horrible production. They actually made it fun!

The Not So Merry Holiday Haunt is a must for anyone into the mashup of Halloween, Christmas, rude and crude behavior, and wants to have a great time. Adults only for this one, not for wussies who are easily offended, and absolutely not for kids. Get the all night pass so you can go through multiple times and tell them if you've been naughty or nice lol.

We came here opening night so it was understandable that things would be a little chaotic as they were trying to figure out the kinks as time went on and as people entered. Those kinks and unorganized moments were made up for by the actual maze though. 
This year they had four different realms and one would be chosen for you as you entered however they had an All Night Admission ticket that allowed you to experience all four, which is what I did. The All Night Admission was well worth it to be able to experience all four realms they had and they were each clever and creative. The use of the special effects they had made it hard to see in advance where scarers were which allowed us to be surprised and scared when it happened. They created it where you were very active within the maze which made it fun! 
Overall I was very impressed with Sinister Pointe this year and can't wait until next year!

Sinister Pointe is always full of fun and creative events. This years Halloween Haunt (2016) was no exception. They created 4 mazes in 1 giving me the ability to have four unique experiences.  If you only did 1 maze, you didn't get the full experience at all. The scare actors and staff seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves and putting their all into the haunt.
I thought that each path of their maze was well thought out, unique and fun! Also, they had Mudd the Magnificent, an amazing magician doing line entertainment on the night I was there- which made the wait seem quick. Totally recommend it!

I've been coming to Sinister Pointe for several years now and I've always enjoyed the unique effects they managed to bring but this year was a little rough. 

It was opening night so some slack should be given but there was no set plan for the lines and people were confused. We were moved all over the place and the four times we went through the attraction, we waited in line in a different place each time. 

The wristband hand out was inefficient and they announced that only four could be allowed in at a time, which was for safety reasons, but also caused an impact to the wait times. 

The unique way that you were given your path to follow was pretty fun but I can also see where it caused a back up as well but you could tell that once they get the timing down, it'll be a fun thing for the visitors. 

The scare actors were very in character and were pretty awesome at recognizing our group and adjusting for that. 

All in all, the opening day was rough but the maze itself was a lot of fun and definitely got us several times. The price was fair and we enjoyed ourselves.

I attended Seance earlier this year and found the show to be quite fun! The actors were committed and convincing, the props and decor up to par, patron personalization abounded, and just enough scares occurred to keep things interesting. Sinister Pointe also has a unique little gift shop filled with a creative assortment of horror finds and collectables, with a staff that is helpful, warm and friendly.

I am very much looking forward to my next visit... Fear the Mark, in October 2016.

***IM SORRY SINISTER POINTE!!! I THOUGHT I WROTE A REVIEW FOR THEM ALONG TIME AGO BUT BETTER LATE THAN NEVER.*** This is my 3rd time here and it's ALWAYS a good time! I just can't believe the poor rating on this place. Last year was awesome. I was shitting bricks being in a room by myself trying to find things with demons all around me. I won a loser coin and posted it here on their Yelp pics lol. This year I brought a friend with me &amp; it was her first time to any experience like this. However...this year, they actually had a maze instead of a room which was awesome because my friend wouldn't have of agreed to be alone lol. Nevertheless, This year had me scared from their parking lot because it was sketchy at a 99cents store! Lol and even when we left some girl threw herself and banged at a window as we were passing by! I know I'm a girl but I'm not easily scared. I couldn't see multiple times which made it scarier. I like how we weren't crowded with other people and they would separate us. I hate walking behind other people. You get more scared when your isolated. I loved the fact that there was multiple doors to choose from and even though they had a tarot reader, I personally chose my own room each time. I feel it's more Funner that way. The actors that worked there weren't jerks. They NEVER ARE. Some can be grabby and breath on you all nasty and it smells and follow you everywhere but they don't here. They just scare you and move along. I would definitely return every year. Until they REALLY disappoint me by someone hurting me or being rude. I'm not changing my review. I'm returning every year :)

Huge rip off.  Just don't go.  Not like their other mazes in the past.  The last time you get my money...

 Actresses were somewhat attractive.  That was the best part to see.  The four demons you see advertised, 3 are actually stage props and only one of them is an actual actor/actress.  I'm spoiling it so that you won't go and won't waste your money...

They also sent me into the wrong room for my sign.  Arcane does not equal Inferno.  Dumb... Amateurs...

Got the all night scream pass, but other lines were moving faster than mine.  So dumb...  If you can't get the lines right, how the **** are you going to host an attraction?  High schoolers do better than this...

I should have used those hard earned American Bank Notes to wipe my *** for better use.

This is one of the better mazes/haunts. We bought the all night ticket and scream pass, which cut out a lot of the wait. We made it through three of the four realms, before pooping out. Actually, I would have gone back for the fourth, but bf got a chill from being hot and sweaty inside and then standing out in the cold air. They could use some a/c inside. Anyway, there were aspects of all three that I enjoyed, but the maze in Tormentum actually made me a bit uneasy. Squeezing into claustrophobic corners , in the dark, and then winding up back where we started, three times, actually had me wondering for a minute, if we were stuck. Haha great times! I thoroughly enjoyed the evening, and was jittery enough to turn down bf's offer to wait while I did the fourth realm by myself! I don't get nervous easily and almost never get startled by the monsters, so this experience was a real treat. There was some good imagination and creativity put into this, and I recommend it.

I went to the seance after watching the conjuring. I was very entertained by the seance. The woman leading it was a very good actress. Some of the props could be better but overall I'd recommend it for a date night or with a group of friends as something to do. It's 45 minutes long.

This place really has your heart pumping mentally and physically. We all came out of there sweating haha. This place is really fun and scary! The actors are really good and keep in character! I don't understand why it is getting bad reviews we thought it was a lot of fun! Compared to the mazes in universals and knots where you do pay a lot of money for short scares in the mazes. This is worth it for the price and area! You actually play a role in the maze and it keeps you guessing what's in the next room! I definitely recommend even though some reviews are bad I still came and it was a lot of fun! Give it try you won't be disappointed! Definitely coming next year !! ;D

I went in the opening weekend of the attraction and I was really impressed. I was wearing an Apple Watch during the first realm and my heart rate got in the high 200's BPM, it was pretty intense. I've previously been to one their attractions in Brea and that one was definitely a lot better but this one was pretty great for the money spent. If you are thinking of going I would definitely recommend getting the all night pass because there are 4 different realms that you can experience and you can go unlimited times. My favorite part of the Maze were the gatekeepers to the different realms, I would recommend this for a group of friends or also a perfect date night!

I like this place.  Its fun and unique, and there aren't other places like this in the area.  We went to the Seance, which was quite a fun ride with a few twists and turns thrown in.  The production value was surprisingly high.  In order to truly enjoy the Sinister Pointe experience, you really have to mindfully get into it.  Cynics will not have a good time.    

They have different attractions throughout the year, and most of them, from what I understand, are not merely "walkthrough" haunted houses.  Some of them are more akin to crossovers between live theaters and magic shows, if that makes sense. 

You have to get into the mindset that this is a unique experience and prepare for some out of the box scares and chills.  I am glad businesses like Sinister Pointe exists to give us something different.  Go There!

I had always heard about this haunt and had seen their advertisements but never attended before this year.  WOW, what a ride!  And, I am not only referring to REBUS! It is hard to say which of the 4 mazes is my favorite as they all had something quite unique to them but I really enjoyed the haunt.  SPOILER ALERT:  I loved that you incorporated moments of darkness, moments of solitude and I Loved that I had to crawl around and fit through tight spaces.  If I had walked through alone, I think I may have peed my pants!  I had so many moments where I was shouting my friends name as I was frightened and didn't want to be alone anymore and I LOVED the feeling.  This haunt can be as scary as you choose to make it.  If you want a very frightening effect, go in alone.  I bet you'll scream!  If you want to get scared, but still feel safe, go in with friends.  Either way, you will end up alone at some point but quickly find your way back to your safe zone.  We were able to get through all 4 haunts on a General admission pass so no need to buy the fast pass.  FYI, the lines die down between 1030pm and midnight and the longest we ever waited to get in the maze was an hour, if that.  I would suggest arriving early (when they open) as the lines are longest between 8pm-10pm.  I will be back next year to see what y'all have got cooking!

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! Its sad to say because I love sinister point but this year was horrible!!!! No monsters, no one really inside the maze, your not spread out you literally are one humongous group! On top of that you constantly run into other groups of people!!! Wtf!!!!! Its like knotts scary farm....so lame. Its super short its like nobody put any effort everyone got lazy or there's no more creativity sad it use to be sooooooo amazing super scary. I don't think I would give it another chance next year or ever it was really that bad.

I was soooo dissapointed with this years maze! I've been to this attraction several times and always had a great time. I don't know what happened this year, but the Boys &amp; girls club put on a better haunted attraction. And they need to lower their prices. I paid over $50 for just my son and I which is outrageous. Unless they lower their prices I will not be coming back. Everyone else I talked to has said the same thing. Not worth the money. :(

Very Disappointing this year. I've always ranted and raved about Sinister being superior to their competitors, but this year was a flop.  Usually there's a different theme of props, story lines, and different set designs and cast in each room, but this year just felt like old school, walk through dark halls and someone says boo.  We had a group of 9 people, with only 4 people ahead of us, but they made us wait outside for a whole hour.  Lame. I feel completely ripped off!  Should've gone to the 17th Door this year.

I have been to every maze that sinister pointe has made including the Christmas mazes. I was so disappointed.  Never once was I scared. The best part was taking the pictures. Not many actors scaring you. And they weren't very creative in hiding. The only reason that I gave them 3 stars but I am giving them the benefit of the doubt because I know that they were having trouble with city in building what they wanted. Which is why this year it was in a different city. Maybe they ran out of time in building an awesome maze. Their best ones have been the first year and beyond the mirror. So I will try it one more time.

My experience here was awesome. I went with a group of friend and I actually felt a bit scared. I also have to say it was fun at the same time. I've been to the mazes at Knotts scary farm and this is by far much better. These guys are doing some cool stuff down there, Keep it up!

I'm not sure why all the bad reviews I had a lot of fun. My heart was pumping thru every maze. it was affordable and the actors were good. I'd do it again.

It was pretty fun they make the space seem larger than it is. There's one part of the house that has really narrow hallways that stimulates a bit of claustrophobia though. There's 4 different paths but we ended up going through 2 of the 4 with one run through.

I'm never let down by the clever minds behind sinister point. They never fail to entertain and put on a good show! You definitely need to go check them out! You will not be disappointed!

It was ok. The performers did not try hard enough. They had a relaxed attitude.One maze unless you pay extra. The concept and idea are great.

The haunted attraction isn't very scary at all and is pretty low budget. After attending this midnight seance this summer, I guess I just expected more. Won't go back next year.

This was my first time attending anything like this...and I loved it. I went with my 50 yr old fiance, my 14 yr old son and I'm in my 40s..fun for all ages, we had a blast! I do have to say that we purchased the all night pass and it was well worth it. I might've been disappointed had I paid full price for one maze. You have to do all 4 and we definitely got our money's worth. We arrived about 8:15 and waited about an hour for the first maze. After that, the wait time grew shorter and shorter and we finished them all before closing. Due to some common areas, the fright factor decreased a little but we were consistently spooked once we got into the heart of the maze. It was so creative, definitely took me out of my comfort zone and we couldn't stop laughing and talking about it the whole way home. Can't wait until next year!

The maze this year was alright, the lights and effects were very cool. It lacked the scare factor and made me feel like I was just walking through a light show. The budget seemed very low for this haunt and even though I really wanted it to be fun, the low production value hampered it a lot. There was no props or theme throughout the maze, it was just plywood walls painted with lights shining on you. I feel like this maze was meant more for younger teenagers than anyone else. Overall, I did not enjoy this haunt as much as I was hoping and I definitely would recommend Knott's instead (close to the same price if you get front of the line here).

As I'm standing outside the exit and watching everyone come out of the maze with smiles and screaming is the best! The guys put their blood, sweat and tears into this and it makes me happy that most everyone really enjoys the experience! I really enjoyed the maze and I recommend it to anyone to loves these kinds of things!

AWESOME HAD A LOT OF FUN !!! ME AND MY FAMILY GOT scared pretty good. Get fast pass. It's worth it.Did sinister pointe at there other location.and  i can say i enjoy all that they do. Give it a shot its my go to ,Over the other haunted attractions. SINISTERS THE BEST!!

So disappointed, so budget, barely any actors in the mazes, not worth the money. No ambiance, no theme really. Just blacked out corridors with virtually no props or decoration. The website is scarier than the maze. It was so good 2 years ago when they did Bloody Mary, what the heck happened?! Not to mention 17th Door really amped it up this year. If you have to choose between the two tonight, definitely go to 17th Door.

This place blows* so not scary! They have the potential to make it great and authentic , but they don't . They regurgitate the same old mediocre haunt every year. Sucks because I've brought this to the attention of management and they seem to think they've got it all figured out, when they obvious Fall short . One word guys " prosthetics " use them ! Also paid for an all night pass with a group of 7... And none of us went back in.

I have be going to Sinister Pointe for years and have always walked away amazed. However, this year was VERY disappointing. They charged us $26 apiece for entry and it was nothing more than a maze of plywood.  No decorations or props and just a handful of people dressed in costumes. It reminded me of the haunted house we made as kids. I think kids these days could actually do a better job. I would save your money, Definitely not worth it. I will not be returning in future years.

For the last 5 years I have looked forward to and enjoyed the Halloween mazes at Sinister Pointe, but this year was a big disappointment. The maze itself was cool. I did like the theme and the way they had multiple doors to go through, but it was way too short and not as scary as I had expected it to be. It had nothing to do with the location (which they keep moving), anyone who went last year can tell you they had a great event with the small space they had. This year seemed to be lacking the scary/wow factor that's it's had in the years past. If the price would have been cheaper as it has been in the past ($15) this review would have been 5 stars, but the fact that they raised the price and didn't produce a great experience really sucks. As I was leaving I felt very cheated on the money I spent here. For a few bucks more I could have went to Knotts Scary Farm and been on rides for a better thrill. Don't waste your money here, your better off spending the $28.83 at the 99 cents store next door.

I've experienced three different haunted attractions by Sinister Pointe. The first I did was their standard haunted house a few years ago, and it wasn't something I'd recommend. This past May, my friend talked me into giving them a second chance for their limited run haunted attraction, "The Event." I was completely impressed with how fun and outside the box their concept was! Since the run is over, I don't see a problem sharing some spoilers to help paint a picture of cool The Event was-- every kid growing up has played the board game "Operation" - but imagine a very gritty, real adult version where you're playing it on live human victims! This was a point-based real life game of Operation where you were tasked to retrieve items open wounds in live actors strapped to operating tables. Just like the board game, you were penalized if you touched the sizes of the wound (in this case, by losing time) and were not allowed to ever use your hands to retrieve objects and organs from the victims. This was part escape room meets part haunt meets something completely unique like you've never experienced! One of the most memorable aspects for me was having to physical restrain an actor's arms so you could remove something from inside their chest. Very, very outside the box creative thinking here. At the end of The Event's limited run, the top scoring team won a prize. Pretty cool to say of every team that tried their hand, we were #2!



After such a great time with The Event, I knew I had to give their newest interactive haunt game, FEAR... The Darkness a try while I was in CA this month. Again, I loved it for its outside the box creativity! Similar to The Event, FEAR... is part game, part haunt and unlike anything you'll find elsewhere. In this version, you first choose your fear from Clowns, the Possessed or the dead. We choose clowns, and after playing - I think that was the right choice. I cannot imagine the level of interaction being nearly as entertaining or fun if your characters are zombie-like. Our clown host - sporting a bright green mohawk and beard was fantastic and really kicked any already fun attraction up to an even higher level. FEAR... starts as intimate groups of two, but actually is experienced completely alone. One of you starts off in the completely pitch black room, alone with two scareactors lurking within, while the other monitors your progress from a control room using night vision cameras. Your objective is to find several hidden objects scattered around the room, but since it's completely dark, you're forced to rely on your partner to give you instructions of where to go, how many steps to take, when to turn, where to search, etc. If you're feeling particularly mischievous, you also have the ability to trap your friend between the actors and enjoy their scares on screen - but keep in mind that what goes around comes around. After eight minutes alone in the room, you switch roles and are now at the mercy of your partner's direction! At the end of the day, you're able to find up to 12 items -- comprised of six specific objects the control room person must decipher for you as well as six hidden coins. I managed to find 8, while my cohort only found 3. We each received a customized poker chip at the end of the experience with the FEAR... The Darkness logo as well as our rank - a cool touch that makes for a fun keepsake!


Sinister Pointe has absolutely found their niche with these boutique haunt-meets-game experiences. This stuff is nothing but pure fun, and it's so different from anything their competition is doing. Their staff is great, and their actors really sell the experience. If you're in Southern California this haunt season, FEAR... The Darkness is definitely something worth taking time to visit!

We drove 5 hours to go to this "super scarey" maze with friends. Bought 2 tickets for the whopping total of 96$ for an all night front of the line pass. The mazes that we actually got to go through were basically black walls with a total of 5 employees jumping out to scare you. We were crammed in with 10 other people in the sweltering heat(the maze is made for maximum 4) and basically left to guide ourselves. There were a total of 4 rooms that were different for each maze the rest was the same black walls you walked through the first time. I memorized it the first time through even those 5 employees were in the same spots, I don't know if the real monsters were on break or what! The majority of the time we spent in line which was also ridiculous considering we paid extra to be before everyone else, and guess what I talked to the owner about this and he said 75 other people paid that much too, and it's not his fault all 75 were there at the same time! He didn't have much of an excuse when we told him that our friend received the tickets to this event after the last event seance sucked, and this event sucks even worse!  So they're ripping people off because it isn't humanly possible or safe to shove that many people in a maze at once, if you could even call it a maze as monotonous as it was. If someone invites you to go to Sinister Pointe for Halloween point blank tell them NO! WASTE OF TIME WASTE OF MONEY!

We had been to previous SP events and had a blast so four of us drove all the way down from L.A. for their fear the darkness event. We were so disappointed. The game was so rushed and confusing. We couldn't hear the instructions from our team mates, all we could hear was someone yelling to their teammates in the next room (different game / different team), so we basically just spent ten minutes in the dark being confused and frustrated. 

We told SP how disappointed we were afterwards and they basically didn't care and didn't offer us any money back (which I felt they should have- or at least some kind of compensation for our bad experience). Nope, nothing. Hard not to feel ripped off at that point.

I went to their Bloody Mary maze a couple of years ago and I was really impressed. A lot of thought and creativity was on display. So I was looking forward to going back this year and seeing what they came up with. Additionally I was anticipating seeing four different mazes, because their web site stated there were different options based on which gatekeeper you chose to follow.
I bought the all-night passes for my wife and myself, so we could go through four different times and see everything that was different. We arrived to find a massive line, because they oversold the whole thing. I asked the attendant how long we should expect to wait and he said it would take about 30 minutes to get through the line. Well, an hour later we are finally going through. He also said the lines get shorter as the night goes on, but the line kept getting longer as the night progressed.
After waiting for an hour, we went into what I would call the most boring and uncreative piece of crap I ever paid money for. BORING! And to make it even worse, these four different mazes do not exist. We were told to go through a specific door based on what gatekeeper we were assigned, but when we went through the door, there were the others from the other doors, right there on the other side, walking into the same room. There was no different maze for anyone. And the whole thing was so predictable. No flow to it, no organization, people ended up getting bunched up into groups of 8-10 people, because they did not control the flow. So you are walking along seeing other people get jumped by the monsters, and you are in the back of the group doing nothing. I did not see anything interesting at all. Just moving from one room to the next with another guy waiting in the corner to scream at you.
This place shit the bed. I wish everyone could save their time and money and just stay away. They obviously put all of their time into marketing this thing, but no time into actually making a good event. Maybe they threw this whole thing together in about 2 days.

Oh, and as for the all night pass... when we exited this lame event, the line was twice as long and the same attendant said it should take about 30-45 minutes to get through the line. What a total ripoff. We left, because we had already seen every stupid thing in there with one time around, and we did not want to waste another 90 minutes to get bored all over again.

It was really exciting but it was annoying that I had i bought the all night and the fast pass ticket, but there was no point in paying extra money to wait in line with the all night people who didn't have the fast pass, I was annoyed with that. We went on the first day and the prices on the things weren't set. We went on the first night but it seemed kind of unorganized with the lines and selling the photos and t shirts. Then they said they only had Large t shirts, so no mediums or small... but overall the actors and the maze was pretty fun. They just need to work on the lines, organizing things better, and giving people what they paid for.

I really love these new interactive games Sinister Pointe is doing. I just did "Fear... the darkness." And I had a blast! My husband and I did "The Dead," but you can also choose Possessed, and Clowns. The game is for 2 players and lasts about 20 minutes.

Basically, one person is put in a pitch black room while the other is in a small room with night vision camera monitors. The person in the dark has to navigate the space finding items that the other person can see through the monitors WHILE AVOIDING ZOMBIES. After 10 minutes the players switch positions and gets to either navigate or roam the darkness.

I know the description is weird, but it is a lot of fun, and not as scary as it sounds. It is great seeing your friend struggle in the dark and you have a choice to help them or steer them towards the zombies. But then the roles switch and they get to do the same to you! 

These mini events don't last very long and switch up monthly, but I really recommend checking this one out! Especially if you are looking for something new and different this Halloween.

When sinister pointe had a year round location it was amazing! The new location just doesnt live up to my expectations. The attraction has been reduced to little more than a plywood maze.  Tormentum was probably the best path of the 4. I will say all the actors were excellent and kept it entertaining.

I have had a fantastic time doing all of their events, including The Dead, and Clowns. We benefited from doing two missions in one night so the first game helped us get oriented and prepare for round 2! 

The Hunt for the Krampus was a super fun scavenger hunt that kept us awake and busy late into the night and it was just fantastic.

I also loved their movie night painting events! So much fun.

After reading the description and all the positive reviews of this attraction my expectations were high.  This experience was a complete disappointment.

When we arrive, we are told we have to wait an extra 30 mins.  Apparently when customers arrive late for their scheduled time it creates a domino effect on the rest of the reservations.  

As far as the attraction itself.  Well...let's start with the corny ass dude that is serving as the host.  He gets points for being in character but the make up and costume were not really convincing.  In a nutshell, this whole activity is a scavenger hunt.  2 people are in the dark and can't see anything and 2 others are in a control room looking at monitors that are linked to night vision cameras, while speaking over a microphone to give directions to the people in the dark.  I'll spare the specific details of the game to avoid spoiling this for others just in case you still want to check it out (despite this negative review).  I will say this, THIS PLACE WAS NOT SCARY AT ALL!!!!!!!  

My issue with being in the dark looking for the items is that you're not really given good instructions by the other 2 people in the control room (which i will explain why in a second).  There are lots of items already in the room so you're basically feeling around  for what feels like the item thats been described to you over the speaker.  You're not really scared, just confused the whole time.  

The control room.  *Sigh*.  The people in the control room cant really see anything either.  At least when it comes to the scavenger hunt items.  There are scrambled words on the walls and the people in the control room have to figure out what the words are and then give directions to people in the dark.  The whole time we were trying to give directions to our friends in the control room, the effing host is talking to us.  He was trying to help but he really was only a distraction and took away from the experience.  I wish he wouldve just let us have at it.  This is a problem bc in the meantime, the people in the dark are waiting on us to give them instructions on where to look for these items.  But since the host is talking to us in the control room, we are listening to him versus trying to help our friends in the dark.  so they are walking around in the dark room not knowing what to look for.  The host really pissed me off bc you don't really get a lot of time for this activity and he ate most of our time talking to us.  its like 10 mins.  it felt shorter, i honestly believe they rushed our group bc they were behind schedule.  

All in all.  This was a waste of time and money.  Don't go.  I'm so shocked at these positive reviews here.  I'm thinking these are personal friends of the people that work at this place or maybe were paid to leave these reviews.  Or a huge Yelp conspiracy.  Who knows...

So writing this is really disappointing. As a fan of the previous attractions such as Saw and other previous attractions for years. Then they made this whole big deal on a haunted bar that nevwr opened.  The first real disappointment was last year. Fear escape the darkness trust challenge was a cheap attempt at making money while u are just in a dark room looking for objects.  Now last night, this realm of terror thing. I guess if you havent been to sinister pointe or any haunted attraction period then this may be scary for you and you will give this attraction 5 stars. I guess the terror relies on a terrible experience for an expensive price. Hey, buy an all night pass so you can experience four realms of terrible in one night.  My recommendation, check out the 17thdoor.com. That was lots of fun. Its only a few miles away from Sinister Pointe, High production value, and you do not have to spend extra money on an all night pass to see the entire production. Sinister pointe seems to enjoy making people pay more promissing different sections which are not that great.

I've been visiting Sinister Pointe for a few years now. The thing that I really love about this year-round scare experience is their out of the box thinking when it comes to the attractions. It would be very easy for them to just put on a themed maze every couple of months and be done with it. But they don't go that route. They have had lots of innovative ideas throughout the years. Things like haunted scavenger hunts, interactive mazes, Christmas themed attractions, team activities in the dark, and even a Seance. Now I would argue that not all of these ideas hit, but that's not really the point. They aren't afraid to be different, and that is much appreciated in a day and age where things like Knotts Scary Farm and Universal Halloween Horror Nights have become largely predictable. Not to mention that the people behind Sinister Pointe are really friendly and welcoming. I have made it my goal to try all of their attractions this year. I have already done their Seance attraction which was in April, and can't wait to see what they come up with next. Cheers to SP, I hope they are around for many years to come.

I pinky promised the Dolly/Clown lady I would write a review! And I absolutely adored this Haunt I did all 3! They all were great get a good team together and communicate well in order to do well here! But even if you don't do well it is still fun! Actors were very talented to work in the complete dark and still mess/scare you!

Pretty cool items, nice friendly staff. They need to get a lot more going on but have a pretty cool thing going for them. Nice random find.

I was at Sinister Pointe sometime in October with my boyfriend and his friend. I agreed to go because I enjoy Halloween festivities and wanted to try new adventures other than Halloween Horror Nights and Delusion. (I love both!)

Little did I know, it was a theme with my worst childhood nightmare. I remember going to slumber parties in elementary and middle school where my friends dared to play "Bloody Mary" as I sit in the living room watching happy cartoons on the Disney channel.

I was afraid. Deeply afraid as we had to call her name in front of the mirror in the beginning. This maze was different as it only lets your party (probably less than 4?) in. I am glad my boo thang was there to hold me when I got freaked out. We got separated. I got scared but I conquered my fears. 

Why three stars? As it was a maze I've never experienced before, it did kind of remind me of Delusion because of the interaction you get with the characters. I did not understand the story line of Blood Mary. Were they afraid of her? Whatever it was, I didn't really understand. It wasn't too bad of a maze if you don't mind being alone and separated a few times. Conquer your fears like I did!

Yet I still get the chills just thinking about Bloody Mary......and still dare NOT call her name in front of the mirror.....

