Come here for all your naughty needs. It's better than all the other stores in the area.

I came here yesterday with my friend to buy stuff for my sister's bachelorette party. They have a larger selection for bachelorettes than other stores in San Diego... I know this for a fact because I went to 3 other places!

I was able to find a bachelorette sash, tiara, decorations and props. It's not the cheapest place but you'll find what you need.

Their staff is always accommodating and helpful whenever I come in!

I also love their body jewelry. They always have great deals. I bought a belly ring here yesterday and the promo was buy 1 get 1 for only $1! WHAT A STEAL WHAT A DEAL!

Their selfie sticks w/remote is only $2 right now!! COME COME COME!

If I can give them negative stars I would. The dude with dark hair, Caucasian wasn't pleasant with my return and it clearly states 30 days returns and he denied my return on suspenders I bought for a costume but I didn't end up using so I wanted to return. I then said I was going to call customer service to complain and then he said "fine" with an attitude that he takes it back aggressively. Then he follows to throw things to express his anger towards me for no reason. I've never dealt with such horrible service. This person should not be in retail or deal with people
What so ever.

I got my very first vibrator here...when I was in 14. I'm still not sure if I purchased it or shoplifted it, but what I do know, is that they still sell vibrators here and their collection of naughty items has grown. When I was younger, I remember Spencer's being limited to basic one speed vibrators (not even the penis shaped, flesh-like ones), flavored lubes, Kama Sutra books, blindfolds, and naughty playing cards for strip poker. 

Well, ever since 50 Shades of Rape came out, I guess it's mainstream to sell Ben Was balls, Spider Mouth Gags, Bondage bars, strap-ons, and butt plugs. These were just a FEW of the items that caught my eye. 

I'm all for being sexually progressive and I'm all about BDSM (the safe, sane, consensual kind...not the rapey 50 shades kind), but I think it's a little confusing to not have a private room for these more mature items or at least make all adult stores all ages. I mean, why make adult stores 18+ when your 6th grader can just cruise into Spencer's anyways? How do they even get away with this? And how come I still get carded at FantasyLand? It's weird, huh? Your daughter could be just like the 14 year old me who is shoplifting a black 12" jelly double sided dildo. I'm just giving parents a heads up.

Also, if you support and/or enjoy 50 Shades of Grey then you are actually supporting and/or enjoying rape culture and therefore I hate you.

Spencer Gifts is like some sort of punk rebellious boutique shop for the promiscuous teenager/young adult. Granted, they have some neat stuff, especially during non-traditional holiday seasons where you can get a lot for pretty cheap (valentines, st. patricks, etc.). Customer service is ok and varies from employee to employee. Prices range from good to ridiculous. It's really just all over the place here. I honestly don't even know what identity Spencers is trying to go for anymore. Overall, Spencers is a the place you shop depending on what your planning to get. If you're looking for something silly, neat, different and/or fun to own/wear, then I'd suggest checking it out. If you're looking for something more common and modern, move along.

Very cool store. Not much room to walk through but it has a lot of interesting items from lava lamps to breathalyzers. I liked the customer service here, laid back and helpful. I felt like I could take my time browsing without feeling rushed or crowded.

Great place to come and walk around in. I like Spencer's it's fun n ridicules in the same time. They have a huge variety if different gear: clothes, hats, underwear, bras along with mounts of clothes they carry a lot if accessories n useless junk! Prices are not bad if ur looking for a bachelorette party gear or simply want stars in ur room or a lava lamp. Other than that it's like the not so depressing store version of hot topic. 

Rarely ever buy anything.. Usually the items u are looking for are pricey  $$

I  gave 4 stars because they have good variety and it stands out. There are adult items in the store and its placed in a mall. OK. Herein lies the problem. If the company is going to market , sell, advertise, and have high foot traffic in malls; then a  clerk or sales rep or  security needs to man the door. Children do not  need to see this stuff. The company pushes the envelope to far because it gives a fall sense of what is in the store.
If you are an adult, that's entirely different.
You don't see kids wander into Pacer's r Hustler; they would be kicked out. Company should ether remove certain items or function as adult establishment.

Terrible customer service!!!!
I had a christmas gift i wanted to return or exchange that i didnt use for a gift exchange. well it was ONE day past the 30 policy and they dont give returns anyways. So the manager told me. He said i can call the 800 number to speak to someone higher up. - HAHA sounds like BS to me.

I will NEVER shop here again and i hope no one else does either!

This place is great for what it is and frankly the only store of it's kind. Obviously the merchandise sold isn't suitable for everyone, but neither is clothing from Forever 21 or JC Penny. It's an adult store, for adults with a raunchy sense of humor and has a parental advisory sticker on the front window. The adult toys, games, and lingerie are located in the furthest back right hand corner of this particular store (they moved 2 stores down and remodeled), and though by no means hidden, are not located on a shelf in the front of the store to assault the senses of unaware shoppers. One would have to traverse through a sea of F-bomb dropping material before reaching the soft core merchandise at the back, which would probably be a cue that this store might not be for someone easily offended, as kind of road signs stating "Turn back now!".

Teens are attracted to naughty things, this is no secret, but getting up close and personal with strictly adult material is prohibited by the staff. They shoo gaggles of awkward teeny boppers out of the back of the store frequently. The staff is great, they know how to have fun and do whatever it takes to make you apart of the Spencer's vibe. They're super knowledgeable about like every product in the store, even on how the magic smoke works in the joke section, and are really helpful in picking out stuff for bad a## parties.

The reviews on this place should be about service, not necessarily personal taste towards it's products, because if you like it, you LOVE it, and if you dislike it, you HATE it. It's just one of those things...

Sabrina is an excellent manager she was helpful in finding everything, love this store!

So, I took my 4 year old son with me and he was a lot more mature than I was at 14. He wanted me get the superman stuff and he wanted the boobs. I am so proud of my boy.

The customer service here was awful. I tried to buy a light up LED shirt, and the guy wouldn't let me buy it with the batteries that were included with it because he needed to save the batteries for the other shirt! Ended up not buying anything.

Just went in the other day-open.  Today I went by around noon to pick something up and the doors were locked, no hour signs, no displays, no signs on them or anything.  Must have gone out of business!

There is an small sign on the front of the store that states that there adult content in the store. 

Spencer's has dildos in plain view for children to see. This is absolutely unacceptable since a large percentage of the people that visit their store are kids who do not need to see a penis lollipop or a fake breast costume.

I dont get this place, is it supposed to be soft core porn for mall rats ?

I dont want to sound like an old geezer but I just think that some of the stuff that they sell in here shouldnt be so accessible to  grade schoolers and teenyboppers. 

They sell dildos in here ! I also saw a few sexual board games and other adult themed stuff.

Everytime that I have come here there are teenagers galore . 

Its like a PG rated F St, without the videos.

very great!!. Reading other people's reviews about how it's a soft core porn store is ridiculous. Customer service is excellent, Very friendly and helpful. Very honest and not trying to make a sale. Customer satisfaction seems to be there number 1 goal.

