Nice rink, good ice, friendly staff.  However...

DO NOT GO HERE FOR STICK TIME (Mon Tue Fri 4:45pm) IF YOU'RE AN ADULT.

I hadn't laced up in a couple years so I was looking forward to skating around and getting some wind through my hair.  I paid my $17 and found a locker room.

When I got out of the room, I saw that I'd be sharing the ice with about 100 kids aged from around 6 to 12.  I then watched a dozen coaches put those big foam barriers up around the rink, splitting it up for group drills (i.e. NOT stick time at all).  In the end, I was literally given HALF of the area between the red line and one of the blue lines.  So, like, a 20' x 30' area to "skate".

I also got the distinct feeling that the coaches were annoyed that I was there.  While a couple were helpful, most of them obviously didn't want me there.

I'm all for teaching kids how to play hockey, and I'm seriously stoked to see so many kids playing the best sport in the world.  Just don't call it stick time and don't make it open to adults.  Call it "Group Youth Lessons" or something.  At the very least warn any adults that are coming in with gear for stick time so that they know what they're paying for.  As I was leaving, there were two other guys having the same realization that I had when they saw what was happening, and they were obviously disappointed as well.

I quickly left the rink and asked for a refund, and the staff was understanding and gave me my money back without a fuss (hence the 4 star rating).  I just hope this review will save someone else the time and hassle.

This is my favorite ice out of all of The Rinks. Their ice is the best! It doesn't have many cracks/chunks in it. The staff is friendly here also. I always go to their 2pm public skate time. Not may people attend this session, so you can get some good work in. I did come on a Tuesday one time and 1/3 of the rink was blocked off for hockey lessons during public skate time. I'm not sure if this was a one time thing or an every Tuesday thing.

I come here for skating lessons every Saturday as an adult beginner, so I don't have much experience in terms of ice quality etc since this is the only ice rink I've been to except maybe another two when I was five or so. It's close to my house which is the main reason why I skate here.
As far as lessons go they were at a reasonable rate in my opinion. $110 for 8-week 30 mins sessions with 5 free passes for public skate and practice sessions. The class is a group class, but there aren't many students in it so it almost felt like a 1-on-1 session. I attend with two of my friends who are also beginners so usually we all have the same instructor helping us. There are about 3-4 coaches for the Adult lessons.
I've been to public skating sessions at both the Thursday 2-5 time and the Friday 7-9 time. The Friday session also doubles as their main fundraiser time, so sometimes it's packed. The 2-5 time there had almost no one there at all until around 3:30, and there were about 20 kids on the ice and a few adults.
Skate rentals are something I feel I can't comment on extensively due to lack of experience as a skater, but some of the rental skates are rusted and old and I know might have been in use for the past 10-15 years. One of my skates may have been out of alignment, but again it might've been my own inexperience as a skater. 
For parties I don't think it's a good place, the arcade area is mediocre (several machines don't work, it's in a dark corner area tucked away, there was a cherry picker parked in the area last time I was there) and from what I've come to understand their snack area is small and just ok. I haven't tried either of these places.
Overall the staff has been very friendly and accommodating to me. The place suits my goals and I've had good experiences there so far.

Solid ice rink. We came here for the red cross leadership fundraiser, which I heard was able to switch to this rink last minute. The place was clean, and everything was pretty great for free skating. They had a mini arcade on the side, which I am not sure a lot of people utilized. 

They had little seals/sea lions that people can rent. Those were legit!! Much more fun playing with those than skating around in circles the whole time (which we did for about 2 hours anyways lol).

Came here with family and friends to watch my son's hockey game.  (I was here as a spectator, so I'll review it in that context)

PROs--It's an ice rink, and in the end, that's all that matters in the hockey world.  It was a nice rink, and plenty of seats to watch the game.  

CONs--Get a snack bar, or a better one.  Have good food to eat as people watch the game.  Get better, working games in the arcade section.  Some were broken.  

Would I go back?  I suppose, if we have a scheduled game there.  Otherwise, Yorba Linda is far away and I've no real business in the area.

Local Ice:
Finding ice time in Southern California is a challenge. YL Ice is so close.

Friendly:
The staff and coaches make skating fun and allow young skaters to develop skills to compete.

Home Town:
You get a hometown rink "small town" feel near a big city

Come here for recreation or to learn serious ice dancing.

Had a terrible experience here. The staff was rude when buying the admission ticket and picking up the skates.  The arcade area is dark and dirty, shoved in an awkward space in the back. It was pretty busy the night we went and the ice was in rough conditions and impossible for smooth skating, but they still didn't take the Zamboni out. Don't waste your time or money here.

The rinks have always been my place to go for hockey. The yorba linda rink has a great program for adult beginners. They have a rookie league that allows the player to be with their own skill level and the rink not only has learning sessions where they teach you basic skills but at every game the refs do a great job and teaching as well. The rink isn't in the  best shape it is a bit run down but the amazing staff and organization makes this rink 5/5

Great rink. We take both our son and daughter during free skate, they always have a great time. My son also takes lessons there. Great little place, run very well. Never too crowded.

We love this place and decided to book a birthday party, it was excellent from the coordinator being super helpful and organized, thanks Alex! To the awesome, professional, friendly, helpful service that we received from Montana. I would recommend this place. The birthday party was during the week.......haven't visited the place during the weekend. Still the staff has always been very nice and helpful.

My kids came to a party here. Original party site was overbooked, so they got placed in small room. Totally overcrowded! I saw one staff member on rink, poor kid fell and was on the floor for about 3-5 minutes before anyone came over. Girls that were assisting with party were very helpful, that was the only positive. Also kids were supposed to get hot chocolate and then were told no longer included. Poor customer service from this franchise, again girls at desk were very helpful. Skip this place!

I haven't been in a long time. Kids were super excited. Tip if you say it's public skate then don't block off the ice for hockey practice.  It's hard enough to maneuver near the skaters having private lessons. New skaters need to hold onto the m railing all the way around.

Tucked away in a plaza seemingly disguised as a grocery store, The Rinks - Yorba Linda Ice seemed like an odd place for an ice rink from the get-go.

Aside from the sheet of ice, inside of the building there is a concession stand, video arcade area, pro-shop, and about 4 or so locker rooms for hockey teams.

The pro shop had the bare necessities such as tape, skate laces, stick butt-ends and a skate sharpening machine. Track suits of varying sizes were sold along with local rink t-shirts, but other than that, not much else of note. I could not see any hockey gear or skates for sale.

The locker rooms were large and spacious and trimmed with nice wood paneling along the walls. There were no toilets or showers accessible in these locker rooms.

The ice itself was in very poor repair. Gouges could be seen well after the zamboni was utilized to surface the ice. The ice itself also just seemed very soft. This ice was unfortunately one of the worst playing surfaces I have ever had the displeasure of skating on.

My daughter and I came here to play in their arcade.  4 of the machines took our money and didn't work.  One in particular took a dollar in quarters and I went up to the desk to ask for my money back and I was told that the machines were owned by a separate company.  Unfortunately they wouldn't refund me but there was no number on the machine to call for refunds.  When talking to the girl at the front desk, she asked me 4 different ways if the machine gave me quarters back.  I asked her how many times I needed to repeat myself.  Then after checking all the machines for a number to call, I went back to the front desk to ask who owned the machines.  The kid at the desk said they didn't know who owned the games.  Ahhhb.  How do you not know who owns your arcade I said!  This place is a zero star rip off!  Not to mention that it costs a small fortune to skate there.

Fun .. Came on sat at 1230 and want too busy.. Only free skating time.. Lots of little ones but make it fun to watch .. Man some of them are so so good.. 
Rental skates are pretty beat up.. So bring extra socks for padding ...
Very cool inside (hello it's ice) but if ur skating ur ok

Hockey runs this place. If your child isn't playing hockey I would suggest staying away. The hockey people seem to use everyone as a target.

Why did The Ducks have to ruin it? It was so homey before. The ice isn't in great condition anymore, and it's a shame to see it turned into such a boring franchise. 

Oh well, the coaches are still great.

This rink has been in Yorba Linda for a number of years and it is evident. Dont get me wrong, the ice is cold and the coaches are great but the rink itself could have a few things looked at and fixed.  I mean this rink was just purchased by the D-Rinks recently; the same company who owns the Ducks so you know there is money that could be invested. The new management has done a couple things to improve the place but there is still work to be done. Other than the cosmetic side of the rink everything else is great. They have an awesome hockey program and figure skating program. The coaches are super knowledgable and nice. They take there time with kids and they make sure that everyone is being safe and careful. They have classes for all ages from tots to adults if you want to learn how to skate or brush up on your skills this is the best rink to go to in the area.

Never coming back to this stick time again. It's robbery for the average player to get in some ice time. 15 dollars to play on 1/6th of the ice while the coaches get as much room as they want. There were literally 12 players crammed into once little patch of the ice while the coaches got open ice with 3-4 players. Learn to manage your ice better or just eliminate stick time.

Staff is friendly and very helpful. Ice is always cold. :-) 
And the Nachos is overfilled with hot melted cheese.

When you come to this ice rink, even though very fun, make sure to come early. The employees aren't friendly at all. And, when i went to go and rent skates, no one was there. Even though public skating lasts for an hour and a half, i only got to skate for 20 minutes. Come early.

Shout out to this awesome place! My son recently took a bad fall off of his skate board while heading down to the ice palace shopping center. He had several really bad cuts and bruises and was bleeding from at least 5 spots on his body! The employee at the desk was kind enough to help him dress his wounds! Thank you for hiring compassionate employees!

This place is awful. 
Came here for my friends little brothers birthday party. Let Me tell you a few things. One, their idea of decorating the party area is including plastic table covers, balloons and streamers. Two, the ceiling looks like it is going to fall apart at any moment. The ventilation also leaks making the ice rink extra wet. Drips of water fall from the air conditions vents. The place looks deserted. The change matching for the arcade does not work, and when asking the cashier, both at the food area and the entrance, they don't carry quarters. The tongs they provided for the salad were burnt and dirty. At one point no employees were in the building So we simply walked behind the food area to Get a towel to clean up some spilt drinks. Also throughout the entire general skating, 4 female employees were all just hanging out at the front kiosk just talking instead of walking around the rink helping people. The bathrooms are TOXIC!!!!!  Would never come back here unless forced too.

We signed up for the parent and child skating package that was held on Saturdays for about 2 months.  This rink is poorly run and the sessions will get canceled or rescheduled without notice.  When we signed up we provided emails and phone nos. so there is no excuse not to mass email or texts to give a warning.  Instead groups of parents along with their little ones will arrive only to be notified that the session was canceled.  For those that have little ones you know it's not easy to get them somewhere on time, but the rink management doesn't have the courtesy and respect to advise the parents.  We only showed up for 5 of the sessions - two ended up being canceled and one being rescheduled to the late afternoon.  We were so pissed off we didn't attend the rest of the sessions and the complaints to management were never addressed.  These guys will screw you over for the bigger profits of skating programs and hockey sessions - it's no wonder this rink is empty for most of their skating sessions.  An advice to other parents try Anaheim Ice it is operated professionally and we were happy with the staff and the programs offered there for our kids.  To the rink management - shame on you for ruining the skating experience for so many little ones!

