Wonderful gaming experience. Great staff, always helpful. There extremely attentive, even if there playing magic the gathering. Very knowledgeable about the cards they have on hand and about game play. 

The only drawback is on a rare occasion a homeless person wanders in, and just harasses a few players for money or just creeps out the younger players just by being there.

I feel like I visited a much different store than other reviewers. Going into a retail location you do expect certain things, a hello or some form of greeting. When I went up to the counter in the back the worker never even said high until about 5 minutes later when he was done with another customer.

When he finally said hi I inquired about a heavily played Wheel of Fortune. Price was $18. Easily a $12-$14 card online. Most local stores are $1-$2 from TCG mid so this was ridiculous. 

I have been to this store once before. I was there for a good 5 minutes and no one greeted me. So I walked out.

I was in Hi De Ho yesterday and scored a NM Wheel of Fortune for $20 flat below TCG mid. Michael there greeted me as soon as he saw me. 

I would rather go to Next Gen, MCO, HiDeHo or even All Star before going here again.

Turn Zero games is a great spot for Magic owned by local gamers. Great LGS to drop in and play all formats!

Amazing staff! They make the store feel homie!!
Their knowledge of mtg is good! The prices are great, they do help you to best of their ability and they try to make you visit as best as possible

My favorite place to play MTG in LA. Great shop.

The place is run by a man named Riis who is very knowledgeable in both Magic and Comics, but more importantly he actually cares about magic and comics which is something that doesn't happen often. He also has a minion named Nick who is super chill and also knowledgeable in all things magic, it seriously is great to have people who run a store and are as interested in magic as I am, really makes me feel at home.

Anyway, you should go here? yes! yes you should! partly for those reasons above, but also for the people. There are no complete douchebags that come through the store and it has a nice little mix of competitive and casual players. Theres lots of space and they even have a ping pong table to play in between rounds.

If you find yourself in the area and want to play some magic, head to turn zero and feel good about your choice! 

PS I'm looking for more ping pong partners so be ready!

I've been coming to Turn Zero Games for a few months now, and it's always a great environment. The store manager, Riis, really does his best to make an inclusive environment and tries to make sure every player feels welcome, regardless of the amount they spend or level of  play skill. I used to attend events at Melrose Music and Comics (now Mega City One), but Riis and Christian (another former employee) were 90% why I played there because of the way they ran events and cultivated the community.

I only draft on weeknights (and play some EDH), so I can't expertly comment on their larger sealed or constructed weekend events or their selection/price on singles. (From what I can tell, it's a solid collection at a respectable price.)

In terms of parking, they've got two lots, which can get pretty busy on Thursday/Friday night due to the bars in the vicinity, at these times it's valet. Not sure on the price, as I live in the area and end up walking to avoid parking valet.

In terms of being a fun and inviting environment, they knock it out of the park.

Great environment easily my favorite shop in the whole area. Awesome customer service be it selling or buying Riis the store manager is always happy to help and offer advice

My boyfriend loves Magic and as an anniversary gift we came here to buy some cards(I never know which ones he needs so its easier if he picks them). This place was really small but it was inside of a large room. I would say only 1/3 of the room was really a store. The rest consist of Ping pong tables. 

The Owner was really nice though and my boyfriend and him talked for a while. We ended up buying 3 boosters packs and getting decent cards. Reese was also nice enough to throw in some goblin tokens for us.

All in all it was a nice experience I just wish there was move to look at or buy.

Amazing Magic Gathering place, Manager
Is Riis , Super knowledgable and helpful
I enjoyed being there and will return for more fun ! PV

Awesome place for MtG. Even though I come to play and lose repeatedly, the people who play here are really nice and encourage me to keep playing and try new ideas.  

Magic can be crazy-mean competitive, but here they play keeping in mind that it's a game meant to be fun. 

The hermit who lives there is pretty cool too. He tends to play good music giving the place a good vibe. 

All in all 5/5

Great environment and group of regulars to play Magic with. It's a little out of the way for me but I still stop by for their events every chance I get. If there aren't any events when you can make time just ask Riis to pull out his fabled Cube and prepare to be destroyed in the most enjoyable fashion.

They have a large stock of older cards beyond the standard staples on display so just ask for the vaults to be opened and let your EDH decks rejoice!

Lots of room to play, great collection of singles and sealed product, and the staff is awesome.  The thing that is hard for a shop to control that this place has is great regulars.  None of the people I've played against are rude or snarky (I can't say that about any other place I play) and they are helpful and polite when it comes to helping me improve my game.

Read a lot of reviews here due to the fact that I was looking for a Magic the Gathering card shop in LA. I like Magic the Gathering and saw this showed up on my Yelp with 5 star reviews. I came in last night with a few friends of mine and absolutely thought the store was great. BUT, the 2 STARS are for the TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I walked to the counter and started looking at the singles. There were 3 men behind the counter just staring at me the whole time. No "Hello", "Welcome" or "Anything you were looking for?" They all just stared at me and said NOTHING TO ME (imo is very rude). I was about to buy a few packs but if they were going to buy my business, they better start helping me out. Other than that, you're just another card shop in my eyes.

In my experience playing Magic there's really two kinds of shops out there.  There's places players go strictly to play Magic and there's places where people go to hang out with friends (and play Magic).  This place is definitely the latter to me.  There's no-one here I don't like.  I feel like I can leave my cards out on the table and step away for a minute without them walking of.  The shop has its own running jokes and interesting characters and it all adds to the charm.

Riis is the best, too.  He'll always step into a tournament to even out the players, he'll wait a minute to start if you call him ahead of time, and his prices are fair and transparent.

I have time to play Magic once a week, usually.  I've played in several shops in Los Angeles and this is the place I choose to play those games each and every week.

My favorite card shop in Los Angeles! Players are friendly and encouraging. The tournaments that are held are highly competitive. I've definitely learned a lot by playing in this establishment. Drop by for some matches!

Used to be a Ping Ping place with a niché magic the gathering part, but recently they hired an awesome new TO, Riis (I think that is how you spell it), and he turning the place around t o focus on the magic hobby part. If you are into Magic the Gathering and good company, this is the place to be.

I've been going here off and on about 8 months, and if I'm being honest, things didn't start well here. They were understaffed and inconsistent BUT things have TURNED AROUND in a big way since Riis took over the shop. He's very knowledgable and honest. Tells you what is a good trade and what is isn't. The players here are also very helpful and always willing to deck test and make suggestions. The shop is also open later than most shops in the area, midnight, so you can get some late night gaming in! There's also an awesome coffee shop upstairs and A Tom Tom's across the street, not to mention the Pizza Hut and a subway and an El Pollo Loco IN the plaza! Can't post. Also if you finish a game early you can play ping-pong in between. TRIPLE win.

This store isn't exactly in my back yard, but it's sure worth the trek every time. The people and environment are super laid back and conducive to some epic Magic battles. Riis is the store manager and it shows that he puts his heart and soul into the place. The selection of cards and accessories is great and there's even ping pong if that's your thing. I would highly recommend Turn Zero to anyone who enjoys Magic the Gathering. If you're a novice, the super friendly staff and fellow patrons will point you in the right direction. If you're an expert, you're sure to find a good challenge. Turn Zero has it all! I only wish it was closer to home.

Super chill. Amazing deals. Really care about the players. Host tons of tourneys and drafts. Great location in K-Town, lots of places to food have. One of the best magic shops to hang at.

Competitive prices and daily magic events. It has come a long way since my first visit back in January and still growing. My experiences here have lead me to believe that they prioritize customer service and satisfaction over profiteering. It's a good magic shop.

Awesome place. So happy I found this shop. Most magic shops in LA are no where near as friendly to beginners as this one. I love going to torments and drafts even if I always come in last place. I highly recommend  people check our this shop whether you're new to Magic or not.

Super friendly environment, a great casual place to play Magic. Parking is usually pretty convenient since there are 2 lots. Staff is super nice and knowledgeable!!!

Atmosphere is good, drafts are fun. People are not hard core magic players, so fun still reigns. They just got board games which everyone is down to play. Take a seat

TZG is my favorite place to play in all of LA. The guy who runs it (Riis) is very friendly, knowledgeable and will always answer any questions I have about the game or cards. I often come in early just to hang out before any event because on top of being a great shop, the clientele is awesome. I've been to 10+ shops all over the LA area and this is by far my favorite. Would recommend for any locals or anyone new to the city!

Great community of players invested in creating a fun environment for Magic.  Big store with plenty of space for gaming.  Best community I have found in LA for Magic.

Awesome place to chill, buys cards and play a couple a games with friends or random people. The store owner is very helpful,  recommend some cards and help build your deck. Super friendly environment.

This spot has been the most friendly and welcoming to me as a total new guy jerk to magic. The atmosphere is super fun and not full of 12 year olds that get dropped off by their parents and then destroy you in two turns and make you feel super awkward and sad about your life. Sometimes people bring you mountain dew and pizza. Super fun and lots of different nights and formats to play. I've quit going to other places for tournaments cause none of them have ping pong

This store really got it together. I love that they're open late, their selection has expanded drastically and the staff is friendly and helpful. I go here all the time.

This place is easily my favorite spot to play Magic the Gathering. Events almost every day, good deals on items, and the best vibe. Plus you can play ping pong when you get crushed 15 minutes into your match and have 35 to kill. Or maybe that's just me.
The deranged hermit behind the counter is pretty cool too.

Depending on the day/time you come by, the valets will want to park for you. Sometimes you can ignore them, sometimes not. There's a second lot in the back, and street parking is easy enough in the area.

Turn Zero is one of my favorite places to play magic on the planet. The owner, Riis, retired from the NYC fire department after acting heroically on 9/11, and moved to LA to pursue his dream of opening a Magic The Gathering store. It is truly great to be around him while drafting or playing your favorite constructed format, and between games be sure to ask him to tell you about his firefighting days. He's always happy to regale us with stories.

This place is awesome! The service is great (Riis)... Fun place to go for Magic and they even have ping pong! Come check this place out you will not be disappointed. I come all the way from the valley just because of the service and the environment of the store. Its great!

