Been to a lot of nutrition stores and I have to say WNC beats all of them. The quality of service is great, their products are great, and the pricing is great. Overall, WNC ROCKS.

Allan had great customer service and helped my husband find what he needed. We will definitely be back! 
Thanks Allan

All I can say is as a manager you should not put down a competitor. Especially when there are other people in the shop. Could have been a friend of the managers because he was part of it..

When a client tells you where they shop for their supplements it's not cool to have you and your pal laugh or give your bad remarks. Not a great look for a "manager" Allan, I think his name is. Not sure but it doesn't matter because I won't be going back.

The detox is hands down the best thing I've ever taken for weight loss! The guy working even wrote out exactly how to take it over the entire month for best results! I will return for more once I am out.

Nice and cozy lil WNC tucked away to the side... I had a hard time finding it, however I was using YELP directions which I've come to learn that, they aren't the best... So when in doubt use. Goggle Maps ... Either way I came to pick up some items which my cousin recommend and was I happy with my purchase Yay!!! The guy at the register was very helpful and friendly even as I eavesdropped on their conversation .  Anywho thank you and I'll be back.

So there is no other place I go for supplements.  Being novice to the whole workout thing, it can be a little intimidating.  But the guys and gals at WNC Anaheim are always willing to help.  Listen up, because they give great advice and recommendations.  I highly recommend visiting this spot if you need some supplements!  Talk to Allan, he knows his stuff!!!
LITTLE TIP:  If you purchase a 12 pack of protein bars/protein cookies, you get an extra discount.

This place is great and the employees are very knowledgable about the products they carry. They don't try to rip you off and give recommendations based on what you're trying to do.

The prices are great, I got 3lbs of Intek Isolate Protein for under $40.

Always a positive experience here. Alan was super professional and smiley. I usually stock up on Intek Protein. I mentioned to him today that I was thinking of switching to a mass gainer protein and he was super helpful about which ones I should consider. Because he was very knowledgable I went with his recommendations :) I ended up purchasing Complete Mass 600 and I'm pretty excited about it. I also saw they sold Almond Butter spead's YUM! I ended up getting that too lol. Maybe one day I'll end up looking like Alan! Haha.

Affordable prices! Always come here and leave satisfied! Allan is always very helpful! Definitely worth checking this place out! Especially if you are starting out and don't know much about supplements because staff is very knowledgeable!

This is the only place I know that carries intek evolution, the only protein that I drink after years of trying other proteins. Usually when I come here the workers will ask if I've tried something and will give me samples to take home and try. They don't charge more than the supplier charges directly and don't try to upsell when you know what you want. Great place and cool workers even better prices keep me coming back.

Location is great! Super easy to find. Came here for shirts and protein and Sean was extremely helpful in finding right sizing on the shirts and the best protein flavor.

This is the place to go for cheap shirts to buying protein! Sean had great customer service!

I came to this location and Allan is a very knowledge man he was very helpful coaching me on my diet plan. Definitely will come to this place again.

My boyfriend and I tried the white chocolate peanut spread that they carry and are addicted. I won't even start on the pumpkin pie quest bars....

The staff here are super friendly, knowledgeable and honest. Honesty is definitely a big deal, it helps build a customer's trust and keeps them coming back -which we definitely are!

Totally impressed! Forget about nutrishop and their stupid free shakers and t shirts. This place is where it's at! The employee was so knowledgable and helpful, proved me right that there are other nutrition shops with better service (: we got hooked up with tons of samples and some awesome pre workout. I'm so hooked, will totally be back.

Allan was really nice knowledgeable about the products he was showing us and he explained everything in detail and really took his time and got us what we needed!

This place is awesome! Here every week! This place is fully stocked with everything we use and we can usually special order items and they'll get it in. And Allan is always super helpful and chatty when we come in!

Cheapest Quest bars ever. When I went, the employee working, a young male was super helpful, friendly and even gave me a free sample of a preworkout. He was really nice and made me feel comfortable throughout my visit to this quaint store. They stock livefit apparel and I was also told, they would be matching up to bodybuilding.com pretty soon when they get the next huge shipment or something along those lines. I will definitely be back very soon for my next box of quest bars. I hope they have the new mint chocolate ones!! eeep, excited!

I stopped by on my way to workout for some Buff Bake protein cookies. The cookies were $2 each, which sounds pretty fair. I was surprised how small the shop was. They carry your typical powders and pre-workouts, etcetera, some Buff Butter and then some ready-to-eat foods. Not much going on here and I would much rather go to a store that carried more product.

Went specifically for a preworkout. First timer so did not know what to look for the guy helped me out and even gave me like a weeks workout sample supply to try. Very helpful! Thank you!

Awesome place to come to . . . Great service always good info shawn is always very helpfull excellent prices !

Two things I come here for: Noxivol pre workout and Intek whey Isloate.

The Intek protein dissolves nicely into water and hardly thickens which I really like. It's easier to drink and doesn't get all chalky in your mouth.

The Noxivol is stimulant-free which means it won't keep you up at night. It provides a good pump during workouts and has some additives that are also good for your joints.

The store is well-stocked and the staff is very helpful. They have samples of a lot of their products so you can try before you buy.

best prices for supps around, hence the name "wholesale" lol.  Guys working always know whats up about their products also.  You won't get cheated, I promise you.

let you sample before you buy.. 
helpful tips if you are unsure where to start.. i like this location rather then other oc ones..

One of the best supplement stores to get gear from.  Low prices with a will knowledgeable staff.  They just opened up a new location in brea.  Top line names for below retail price which is a winner in my book.  Store is always clean and will always get help with what your looking to achieve with your fitness goals.

Love this place!!! Am here almost every week sometimes multiple times. Customer service is great and the pricing is even better! Aallan is always helpful!

Awesome customer service! This is my go to shop for any fitness supplements! They have every thing you need, and they only have the best most effective products so you get your money's worth! Allan is always super helpful with product information and fitness tips!

Cheapest supps around! Small knit group of people who work here and they are helpful. They carry the top names for most supps. They won't tell you prices over the phone so you have to go in. They sell cheap Wholesale Nutrition clothing and carry some LVFT stuff. The quest bars are the cheapest around and they're always fresh. You're even allowed to mix and match a whole box! Gotta follow them on IG to know when they get new gear.

Very knowledgeable and friendly staff.  They know the products well, and cater to whatever you need (without being overbearing like many sales workers at nutrition stores).

Very good prices too. Lowest I have seen on ONE Bars.

Make sure to keep track of how you get ring up and don't get caught up in conversation with the reps here, I got charged more than I should have and charged for a shaker cup they said was free. The issue wasn't he few extra dollars I paid but the integrity of their people, and this Anaheim location definitely has dishonest people. Bad business, but the Huntington Beach location is legit. Never coming back to this one again. Went back and returned everything I bought and went to HB.

I work right across the street from this WNC location and I go there almost every day.  Sometimes just to hang out and get good information from the awesome guys that work there, specially Allan and Sean.  It's a really chill and inviting environment and there is no pressure to buy anything.  Other than the products and great prices, the staff there is my main reason for being a customer since they opened at that location.

By far the worst service around.  I went in wanting to buy a prep meal bag for my lil bro because hes on that fit game and today's his birthday and the guy in the counter was absolutely no help at all. I had to pick up the bag up off the floor to look at it. No common courtesy to assist with showing me the compartments  and explaining the difference between the bigger one or the mini one.  I had my wife and daughter with me as well. My wife just got off work 30 mins prior coming into the shop and shes a nurse, worked 7-3 today, and is super tired. We had a couple questions for the guy regarding typed of prework out that doesnt give her the jitters and totally brushes us off and hands us a sample of Enrage. Garbage prework out.  We let  1 customer go in front of us in line and he hands the dude in the counter jacked preworkout and i know jacked preworkout is pretty stong and he gives the same sample of enrage to the guy and says its comparable to jacked.  In my head i was like wtf, my wife and i just told you my wife is sensitive with the jitters and he basically just lied to our face.  The last thing i asked if they had water so my wife can try out the preworkout now because she is tired and most likely might hit up the gym for an hour. He pointed at the freezer near the entrance and says theres water there but in back of him there was a 5 gallon water dispensor with red solo cups chillen on top of a shelf.  He gave us excuses and excuses not to sample it there at the shop.  We go next door to subway to get my 4 year daughter some chips a free water cup so my wife can try this garbage preworkout hes reppen.  My wife is literally asleep right next to me after the fact she experienced the jittery affect and no bs we are in the parking lot of max muscle in los alamitos and getting her preworkout here.  Horrible service. I still bought the bag for my brother there becuase the helpful guy at brea wholesale nutrition said it just came out and they didnt have the bigger bag at their location. Ive been to costa mesa, brea and by far way better service than the horrible disgusting service there at anaheim.

I love this place! employees are very helpful and very friendly. prices are very accommodating! will definitely be back to stock up on quest bars and tone

This place has almost everything that GNC, vitamin shoppe,  Max muscles, nutrishop, etc has,  but way cheaper.  It's a relatively tiny space,  but jam packed with goodies.  

The guys who work here are very enthusiastic about helping you find what you need and are knowledgeable about the products for the most part.  

I come here for the box of quest bars (containing 12) is about 22 dollars a box (before tax) , which amounts to ~$1.83 per bar.  At the gym I was paying $3 per bar!!

I come here because its great prices and they also carry Intek BCAA watermelon flavor.  Everybody from New Life Fitness goes here to pick up our watermelon flavored BCAA at a great price.  People are friendly and helpful.  One of the guys in the store recommended that I tried the Nitro Evolution by INTEK and it was awesome! Been using it ever since. Great store, great prices and friendly staff.

Love it here! Me and my boyfriend always come here for our supplements, they have reasonable prices and the staff are super friendly and helpful.

Great place!  I find myself there at least once a month stalking up on Muscle Eggs and protein bars.  Also love the women's tank tops.  Everyone here has been very helpful and very cool to talk with.

Great place and reasonable prices to buy your supplements. Allan is the best, he is super friendly. I know if I have any questions regarding any supplements in the store, Allan is very knowledgeable of the supplements in the stock. I never feel pressured into buying anything when I go to WNC. They always have the Quest bars I like in stock!!!

Came in with the boyfriend to see what all the fuss was about at the suggestion of my friend (and fellow Yelper), Amanda P.

Since they just opened up, they were a little tricky to find but we managed alright. For anyone else struggling, they are the first left after you turn into the business lot. Right before Hooters.

Selection/Service: I walked in a little surprised by the tiny store, but they had everything we were looking for, so no complaints! We were warmly greeted by the two associates working at the time and asked if we needed any help, so I got my PB2 (Powdered Peanut Butter - I highly recommend) and Quest bars set up while the bf took a look around. Cashier was friendly the whole time and let me know that I can mix and match Quest bar flavors however I want for my box. I'm still sampling all the bars and I don't think they had every single flavor, but they had my 2 favorites including the new Cookies and Cream flavor.

Price: I paid just under $30 for both a box of Quest bars (1/2 cinnamon bun flavor, 1/2 cookie'n'cream flavor) and one jar of PB2. Very impressed with the price. For comparison, I would have paid almost $45 for the same items at GNC.

Boyfriend was happy to find what he was looking for at a decent price as well, he ended up buying some pre-workout mix and creatine.

I have to REALLY be impressed to give 5 stars, (we're talking foot massages, people. jk. though I wouldn't mind. ANYWAYS..) but I would say they were a solid 4 stars. If you're in the area, it is definitely worth it. I will definitely choose WNC over GNC at any opportunity due to the pricing.

WNC is my favorite place for supplements, protein, and quest bars! Customer service is unmatched and they have the cheapest prices for literally everything. Quest bars are ~$23 and they told me I could mix and match the boxes if I wanted to. They're so nice! 

Intek protein powder - 34.99
Intek pre workout ~28
Quest bars (12 pk) ~23
Six Pack bag 3 meal - 60, 5 meal - 80.


Totally go here for your fitness needs! They have other locations too and this one just opened up a few weeks ago. This location won me over since it's so close to work and they had the cookies and cream quest bars in stock d: 


Omnomnom cookies and cream quest bars!

Since I was in the area I decided to stop by the Anaheim location and to my surprise the same guy, Kevin who helped me at their Irvine location, was there running the store... Idk I guess they rotate their employees or something. But nonetheless it was another great experience! Since summer is fast approaching I needed boosters for my metabolism! Kevin let me sample multiple products until I came across ones to my liking. I ended going for the Intek evolution protein in caramel latte, their toner in mango, and as well as Intek's detox pills and I also walked out with some pretty cool wnc tanks. Can't wait to put these workout supplements to good use and get that summer bod hehe, thanks wnc!!

Walked in here cause it was on the way home from school. Was greeted by Nick (I believe his name is). Very nice guy. Talked to him about what I wanted to achieve and he gave me his recommendations and told me how they will affect me. Basically earned the five stars himself

Stopped here on a past weekend trip to Disneyland to stock up on my supplements and I left with everything I needed for a little more than half of what I would have paid at GNC or Nutrimart!

Daniel, I believe his name was, was extremely helpful and knowledgeable in the product lines that WNC carries. I came here specifically for Intek since not many nutrition retailers carry this brand.

The only drawback is the the drive up due to lack of retail stores in San Diego. Hopefully they decide to open one up down here soon because when that happens, it will be the only shop I go to from there on out!

This place is a one-stop shop!
They have everything for weight loss, weight gain, and maintain and protein bars and shakers and Live Fit Apparel!!!!! 
My boyfriend and I have been coming here for a couple months now and we love everything about this location! 
Mervene is very knowledgeable, super friendly, and always knows exactly what I need to prep for my shows. 
He also recommends supps for my boyfriend and my boyfriend had been seeing amazing results from these products! 
Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!

I have to agree with the posts of their friendly staff. I went in today and Kevin greeted me and asked me what I was looking for and if he could help me. I explained to him I didn't know much of the supplements or of what I should be using for my body to reach it's maximum potential. I asked lots of questions and he was very knowledgeable of all the products. The prices are very good and they carry many products. If there is something that you are looking for, they will order it for you and call you when it's ready for pickup.

Been using Wholesales products for years, but recently got a job in Anaheim so I thought i'd check this one out. Thankfully so, the guy in there was helpful and even though I knew what I wanted, he opened my eyes to other products in the Intek line. Will definitely go back for convenience and just the positive vibe. (Most GNC, and Vitamin Shoppee employees stare or give a little push toward buying one thing or another, didnt feel any sort of pressure with the Wholesale gentleman).

Best place for supps best prices in town. and the quality of service is top notch i get everything from here and return almost on a weekly basis

I love that I can mix and match Quest bars to get whatever flavors I like without having to buy 12 of ONE flavor if I so choose.  It's a small space, but lots to choose from.  The guys that work here know their stuff and can answer any questions you have about products or something that might help you in the fitness world.  They have a little board by the register that shows what's good for weight loss, overall health, etc.  Really cool place with good prices.  Only bummer is it's right by the Angel Stadium and Honda Center, which makes for a LOT of traffic during certain times.  Be aware!

Great prices and great staff :) the guy that's usually there is super knowledgeable and friendly and the prices seriously are just amazing :)

mmm what can I say about this place, how about it's the most affordable, helpful, friendliest nutrition shop for all you body builders or gym rats. The prices are amazing they match internet prices, please go here for all ur supplements, don't buy ur supplements from GNC or ur local gym because they overcharge the shit out of their products. Prices here can be 30 to 40 percent cheaper than GNC or 24 vitamin store. The manager was super friendly n very helpful,  he even gave me free samples of pre workouts to help me make my mind next time I come. So anyone that goes to the 24 hour gym in the gardenwalk should make this their main nutrition shop, it's only 8 min away. u can't go wrong with this place

I came in here right before closing to grab some protein mixes and some gear. Mervin was working (I think that's how he spell his name) and he was really nice and helpful. He asked me what kind of protein I normally take after my workouts and he looked it up for me and all the nutrition facts. And he gave me some helpful tips about finding a protein with less carbs. He even gave me a sample in store of some of the Intek protein. He also provided advice about pre-workouts and also told me about some new stores that are opening closer to my house. Thanks man!

I have just recently came here to pick up some pre-workout and protein with my girlfriend and not only was Kevin (employee ) was helpful but the prices were great! He immediately offered us samples for things we havent tried and told us very useful tips. Definitely coming back for my workout supplements!

