As a bride-to-be, it is so important to find a wedding planner that you can work with effortlessly - to guide you and help with the stress of planning such an important moment in your life.  I found just that with YWE. 

Jeramee was our main planner through the whole process. We were in constant communication with e-mails, phone calls, and texts, and when it came down to the wire, we were in-touch nearly every day.  When there are so many checklists to do, it is comforting to know that you have a professional by your side. I am very indecisive and she always made sure to keep me focused.  A moment that I am most grateful for is when we suffered a loss in our family a month before the wedding - Jeramee went above and beyond to finalize details while we focused on our family. 

Our wedding day was a DREAM! Jeramee and Eileen made sure every detail that we had gone over was executed perfectly.  We did not have to worry about a thing and had the best night of our lives with our family and friends! We are constantly reminded about how awesome our night was when our conversations start with, "Remember that time at your wedding..." It truly was unforgettable.

I had the pleasure of working with Jeramee to have her help plan my daughter's first birthday party. As being quite the control freak myself, it was difficult putting trust into someone to carry out all my requests. From the very beginning, she was very detail oriented and had a very timely schedule. She set her own deadlines for everything and met each and every one of them without a minute delay. She was very quick to respond to emails and was able to find everything that I wanted. Everything was always presented to me in an organized fashion - with charts, descriptions, multiple pictures, etc. Her organization was key to making this event turn out perfect! Each and every one of my guests said that this party (although being a first birthday party) was one of the best parties they have ever attended. The vendors she works with are all very professional, attentive to detail, organized, and food and services were phenomenal. Would love to work with her in the future on our next event!

We are a catering company and we just wanted to share how amazing they are!

Jeramee is very detailed throughout the planning of the event and the day of! Communication was excellent throughout the entire process! 
She is very professional, organized and sweet!

We can't wait to work with You're Welcome Events again! :)

So happy we found You're Welcome Events for our daughters baby shower.  We live out of town and Jeramee made the day above and beyond what we could have imagined.  Her attention to detail and keeping everything on track was outstanding!  Thank you Jeramee for your touch on everything!

Party planners offering exceptional service, quality industry connections, and great communication skills. Great to work alongside! I highly recommend for weddings, baby showers, wedding showers, birthdays, and any occasion you'd like to make truly special and memorable. Skip the stress and hire an event planner.

Hiring Jeramee and Eileen to execute our anniversary party was the best gift we gave ourselves!  We had a hard time deciding what we wanted in a party and talking with the ladies really helped to firm up our plans and get us more excited. 

Leading up to our event we were in constant communication and plenty of ideas were coming in.  On the day of our party Jeramee and Eileen took care of everything with this ease and calmness that was definitely great to be around.  We had nothing to worry about with their attention to details focused on our event.  We were able to be guests at our own party and we were so thankful that not only we, but our guests had such a great time!

I had the huge pleasure of doing business with Jeramee this past September. I was so ecstatic that I was able to book my event through her on such a short notice, because as an active duty servicemember stationed overseas, I was unable to physically be home to plan my wife's Baby Shower, so I had to rely on someone trustworthy to plan and coordinate everything for me back home. I had never planned anything like this so to say that I was a bit nervous is an understatement. I wanted everything to come out perfectly and Jeramee not only met my expectations, she exceeded them! She kept me up to date on the event's progress, informed me of any requirements that required my attention, and walked me through the process step-by-step. I couldn't have asked for a better planner. With her, I felt comfortable and confident that everything was going to turn out fine, and it did. We ended up hosting the Baby Shower at The Montage Hotel in Beverly Hills. The venue, the food, the decorations, everything was perfect! I would highly recommend Jeramee to anyone searching for an event planner. She will definitely not disappoint. -Alex

I had the pleasure to be a vendor (Flash Fanatic Photo Booth) at a wedding that Jeramee and Eileen were running last weekend. They handled everybody; vendor, guest, bridal and party member deftly. I don't know if warm precision is a real phrase, but if it isn't, it should be, because it describes in two words what we all experienced from this team.

I look forward to working with them again soon and would give them three thumbs up (if I could borrow or grow an extra thumb)!

Jeramee and Eileen are such a joy to work with.  They were instrumental in assisting me with my family reunion in June, since I was planning it from out of town.  They do have a preferred vendor list, and will allow you to choose your own vendors if you like.  They are quick to reply to emails and are so helpful in making sure that everything gets done in a timely manner.  

For me, I chose the route of choosing my own vendors, and basically planning it myself, but Jeramee would be the one who would follow up with the vendors, go on site visits on my behalf, negotiated contracts, and set up on the day of.  For those of you who know me, I'm such a control freak and a perfectionist especially when it comes to parties, but Jeramee made it so easy, kept me sane, and didn't bat an eye when the guest list kept fluctuating.  (I think there were a few times that I drove her nuts.... LOL, yes Jeramee, I know I did).

For me what was the ultimate saving grace was that they allowed me to ship all of my party favors/decorations/etc to Eileen and the both of them set up the day of.  I don't know what I would have done without that service.  They also assisted in purchasing decorations and finishing craft projects on last minute items for a nominal fee.  

This was the best party ever Jeramee!!  It really says something when both the party guests and the vendors both had a great time!  I hope that you will add some of my vendors to your preferred list, for future events.  I know they all enjoyed working with you.

A very classy, stunning and unique event planning company. I see so many parties in my line of business but I have never seen well planned events like this company does. They are very well thought out and pay attention to every detail. I highly recommend using them for all your events.

You're welcome events are wonderful! It was been a great pleasure working with their team on our corporate event last March . They are super responsive , very detail oriented and easy to work with. 

I would definitely work with them again!

We hired You're Welcome Events for our wedding and couldn't be happier!  Our wedding was amazing and ran flawlessly thanks to these two ladies.  Eileen and Jeramee are such a joy to work with.  They are classy, professional, courteous and have just the right amount of "sass" to know how to control a rowdy wedding party and difficult relatives :)  I strongly recommend them and would definitely work with them again.

Well we all know what the best part of Halloween is besides dressing up...and that's having a Halloween party!!! I had over 75 guests over at my house for a sophisticated Halloween Boo Bash. 

I hired You're Welcome Events after hearing about them through some friends who used them for a bridal and baby shower so I thought why not give them a shot.

They really did up my house with skulls, cobwebs, haunted murals, hanging skeletons, a fog machine, candles, and great background music. I'm surprised the boogeyman didn't hop out from behind the curtain! They even had games like the Ouija board to set a fun yet spooky atmosphere.  

They had some really great ideas for food like charcuterie skull head,  crescent mummy dogs, tortilla ghost chips and guacamole slime and  a candy bar and witch finger sugar cookies for dessert! They had themed drinks too like blood punch, and witches brew. Everything tasted excellent! 

It was such a fun time!! I wouldn't hesitate to use them again or recommend them to others. They are extremely personable, thorough, affordable, and most importantly they really understand the client's needs. 

Hope you're party is as good as mine was!

I had the pleasure of working with You're Welcome Events this past weekend. As a florist, I've worked with many event planners on weddings and parties but the attention to detail by Jeramee, Eileen and You're Welcome Events was unparalleled. One of the prettiest events I have ever seen!

I do over 60 events a year as a DJ and Live Music Service provider. I recently had the joy of working with Eileen and Jaramee of You're Welcome Events. They were so good to work with on so many levels. They were all smiles, even though they were busting their butts to keep everything on track and well organized. They dressed appropriately and were two, to three steps ahead of everything that was happening. They worked very well with the Country Club management and staff on the site. They really made the aesthetics perfect for the springtime outdoor wedding and reception. I have no hesitation about working with them again. I would highly recommend their services to any bride, corporation, or individual who is looking to create a certain feel/vision and want a personal and stylish touch. They were a pleasure to work with. Actually, they are my favorite kind of people to work beside. They are positive, proactive and productive!

Erik Redmond

I had the pleasure of working with Eileen and Jeramee from You're Welcome Events for a business grand opening event.  They were extremely creative and professional and able to stay within our budget.  If you're looking for outstanding event planners who you can trust, depend on and are a pleasure to work with, you can't do better than You're Welcome Events.
MH

These ladies were amazing... calm, cool and collected when I was stressing out!  They  made sure everything came together perfectly and even sent me a few pictures!  Loved working with them and hope to do so again!

Jeramee was a pleasure to work with both before and during the event.  She was very proactive in addressing any issues that came up.  She definitely goes the extra mile.  Highly recommended!

Jeramee and Eileen were both so professional in every way. They helped me with my wedding and were both life savers. They assisted me in my RSVP's and the day of set up and coordination of the wedding ceremony and the reception. They made sure everything was beautiful and ran so smoothly. We could not have had a better wedding day experience without You're Welcome Events and I would refer them to anyone for any event that they need assistance planning from day one or just the day of. 

They are resourceful and helpful and will keep you as calm as can be with how detailed and organized they are. 

Thanks for everything You're Welcome Events! You're amazing!

"You're Welcome" is a great choice if you need help with planning any party or event.   "Your Welcome" planned my wedding shower and wedding last year and I thought they did a wonderful job.  They had very creative ideas during the planning process and were amazing to work with.  My wife and I were not stressed during the planning of our events due to the help of the ladies in "You're Welcome" who were helpful and took the time to make us feel comfortable.  I totally recommend "You're Welcome" to anyone looking for a party or event planner!

My mom hired them for my baby shower, and WHOA, all my guests were blown away.  She was so excited to work with them because they had so much enthusiasm and great ideas.  The party turned out so well.  The theme of the baby shower was western.  They served pulled pork, corn with truffle oil and gourmet shredded cheese, rolls, and so much more.  There were custom mason jars complete with name tags, and fresh strawberry lemonade.  Hors d'oeuvre were even served by full on cowgirls, which were a cute touch. 

My favorite part of the party was the photo booth set which was fully decorated with straw bales, chalk board hand held signs, cowboy hats, sheriff tags, etc.  I was able to take a picture with each guest and print them out and use them as thank you notes.  

The event was held at a community center and they had one hour to set up and one hour to clean up, and you would've thought that they worked overnight to set that place up for the event.  Myself and every guest enjoyed the shower and I thank Jeramee and Eileen for that and of course my mom too.

I hired You're Welcome Events to plan my baby shower. They did a fantastic job! From the decorations to the food and drinks, everything was done beautifully and I couldnt have asked for a better shower! Everything was executed with such specificity and they really took care to cater to my unique tastes. They really listened to what i wanted for that day and delivered in the best way. They were organized and professional, and brought their own special touches to the day that made me so happy. They truly went above and beyond.

I am thrilled that I hired them and would do it again in a heartbeat for a party big or small!

I thoroughly enjoyed working with Eileen and Jeramee. They are such warm and caring individuals. This definitely shows in the work and service they provide. They take time to listen to you and then thoughtfully offer their great ideas. I loved their creativity and attention to detail. I highly recommend You're Welcome Events. You will certainly be pleased with their professionalism, expertise, and dedication to the success of your event.

Planning a wedding can be overwhelming! For any of those even considering hiring a wedding planner I would HIGHLY recommend You're Welcome Events. From the first meeting they were professional, organized and able to set my mind at ease. They created a budget, monthly time line and Pinterest board for all things wedding. We had monthly meetings and phone calls to make sure we were on task which I appreciated. YWE had great recommendations on vendors to use. It saved me so much time (and stress) not having to find them myself. YWE was great about making my wedding look amazing and staying within budget. I had almost every person comment to me how low stress of a bride I was, and I told them all that it was because there was nothing to worry about. With YWE by my side, I knew the wedding was going to be perfect, and it was!

